The Slaught are insectoid beings who often travel in groups, known as swarms. While their exoskeletons resemble those of large, iridescent beetles, they have the ability to walk both upright and crawling on their six legs. Their eyes are multi-faceted and bug-like, and they have the ability to see in the infrared spectrum as well as the visible light spectrum. 
Drones:
Most Slaught are drones, workers connected to the hive mind and their Queen, who directs their actions and movements. Drones are characterized by their small stature and lack of independent intelligent thought. If a drone disconnects from the hive, it dies instantaneously, unable to function without direction from the hive mind. When drones are killed, the last of their electrical brain impulses are used to send information about their death to their Queen, who will adapt her genetic coding to produce evolved larvae that are resistant to new threats.
Overlings: 
Overlings are evolved drone Slaught, who possess superior intelligence and self-direction abilities. While they are still connected to the hive mind and must obey the Queen, overlings are capable of independent thought, making decisions for drones when the situation does not need to involve the Queen directly. Typically, when a swarm of drones are sent out, they are accompanied by two or three overlings to make decisions on the ground. When cut off from the hive, overlings can survive for weeks, but will eventually weaken and die. 
Queens:
There is only one Queen in every hive, whose intelligence and cunning far surpasses those of drones and overlings. She lays a new clutch of Slaught eggs – one hundred to two hundred in a clutch – every week. Each clutch is more evolved than the last, as the Queen is constantly altering her own genetic coding to better suit the environment the hive is in, ensuring larger survival rates for her offspring. Slaught reach full maturity over the course of a week. Every clutch is initially made entirely of drones, and while most will remain drones, a dozen or so evolve beyond drone status to become overlings. 
Queenlings:
Every Queen also raises a single two or three egg clutch of Queenlings. Queenlings are the Slaught that would replace the Queen if she dies or is killed. Typically, the Queen keeps her Queenlings full of paralyzing venom, so that they will not become overly aggressive and attempt to kill her and take her place. When the Queen dies, the paralyzing venom wears off, and the Queenlings will fight each other for dominance until only one Queenling remains. This Queenling will then begin the three day molting process, from which she will emerge a fully fledged Queen. 
Abilities:
The Slaught have fangs that contain a potent paralyzing venom. The Slaught can control just how much venom they inject into someone, depending on how long they want to paralyze the person for. The maximum paralyzation time from a drone bite is four hours, while for overlings it is seven hours, and for Queens up to twenty four. Some hives of Slaught evolve wings, allowing them to attack from the air as well as the ground, or bullet resistant exoskeletons, making them much harder to shoot down. The Slaught are also incredibly fast, able to move at very high speeds especially when crawling. They can cross a room in less than a second, making them difficult to shoot and even harder to dodge during a fight. Besides their speed, the Slaught’s greatest asset is sheer numbers. A single swarm can contain dozens, if not hundreds of Slaught drones, and oftentimes they win battles simply by overwhelming their opponent.