Description: The Deep are huge, plantlike creatures who live primarily underwater. Arriving on Earth as seedlings in Year 1, the Deep have been growing and multiplying underwater undetected in oceans, lakes, and rivers for years. Below the surface, they simply look like large, tall versions of the native plantlife, rooted to the bottom of the body of water they inhabit, so one can trace a Deep’s origins by what kind of underwater fauna they mimic. Beneath the outer plant layer is slimy grey-green skin covering impressive musculature and skeletal structure. 
The Deep vary in size, depending on where they come from. Typically, they grow to a size suitable to inhabit whatever body of water they gestated in, though some have been known to grow when moving from a smaller body of water into a larger one. Once the Deep reach full maturity, typically about two years after gestation, they are able to emerge from the water and even walk on land for periods of a few days. When not submerged, the Deep are huge, hulking creatures with water cascading down their backs and onto the earth below from the watery plants that cover them completely. They have large, rounded backs that shunt water off of them wherever they go, and no discernable front or back, nor eyes, ears, or mouth. Though they do not appear to have eyes, many have reported the Deep “looking” at them, a sensation both strange and deeply uncomfortable. The Deep have four root systems that function as trunk-like legs, slowly carrying them from place to place, sucking the land dry beneath them. Underwater, the Deep communicate using a series of low-pitched rumblings, but above water they sound like the bellowing trumpets of elephants. 


Abilities: The Deep feed by sucking up water through their root systems, extracting nutrients from it, and then pushing the now nutrient-devoid water back through their pores, hence why water flows off them all the time. Similar to sharks needing to keep moving in order to stay alive, the Deep must continually repeat this process, or else they will die. Usually, they do not require enough water to damage an ecosystem, but they can willingly choose to pull in much more water than they need, sucking bodies of water, and even the ground, completely dry and devoid of nutrients. This excess water, stored in their huge backs, can then be boiled or turned into steam within the bodies of the Deep and released from their pores to rain down as a burning weapon, or can be made poisonous or acidic by the deliberate secretion of toxins into the water and then resecreted via the Deep’s root systems into the ground, rivers, or lakes. Thus, the Deep not only have the capability to decimate an ecosystem, but also the ability to injure and kill its inhabitants, and poison its water.  
 
Freshwater Deep: The Deep who gestated in freshwater are smaller, quicker, and more numerous than their saltwater counterparts. They typically appear with grasslike plant coverings, and grow in freshwater rivers, lakes, and even streams and ponds. Freshwater Deep who gestate in bodies of water polluted by contaminants are known as the Corrupted Deep, and often grow in misshapen ways with odd deformations and abilities, like growing mouths full of razor sharp teeth or paralyzing anything they look at.


Saltwater Deep: Rising from the vast oceans and seas of the world, these Deep are much, much larger than freshwater Deep, with the largest of them being several miles tall. Saltwater deep most often resemble huge kelp structures, and though they do not emerge from the oceans often, when they do it is a horrifying sight to behold. These Deep move much more slowly than the freshwater do, and are much more scarce, but the amounts of water a single saltwater Deep can hold, and the damage they can do, is immeasurably more than a single freshwater Deep.