What we have and what is happening the countries:

COUNTRIES


DONE While the American government found itself bound by its constitutional foundations, other countries around the world  were not so limited. The rise of living superweapons and their use by nation-states to further their own agendas, has lead to an international arms race the likes of which the world has never seen.


DONE The Chinese Communist Party launched a game show called ‘The People's World Hero?’—a show where contestants vie to be one of the nation's living superweapons, answering questions on Communist ideals and Chinese government and politics. The once blind masseuse gained his sight and quickly rose to become the 2nd most popular man in the country only second to President


In Russia, living superweapons are called 'Khraniteli' or 'Guardians'.


DONE The loser of the game show becomes a national embarrassment, shamed and ridiculed by all of China, while the winner gains a mystery superpower and becomes a member of China’s LSW organization: The People’s World Army.


DONE The Indian government provided seed money to create 'Establishment 24' to manage the growing number of living superweapons in India. The primary goal of Establishment 24 was to manage and control superweapons. India was beset with numerous problems, including regular terrorist attacks and the danger of attack from its neighboring countries. The purpose of Establishment 24 is to assist India in dealing with these issues. India's caste system was also a source of contention, as the selection of superweapons by The Greys challenged the existing power hierarchy. This led to tension between the Brahmins and the Shudras, with the former wanting to maintain their position at the top of the social ladder. India was struggling to cope with all of these issues and Establishment 24 was seen as a way to help them deal with these problems.


Nigeria saw widespread protests and demonstrations against police brutality. With man calling for the dissolution of the newly formed militarized law enforcement unit known as S.A.R.C Secret Anti-Robbery and Cultism Squad, which includes living superweapons. As more S.A.R.C. scandals emerged, more and more Nigerians became becoming wary of the government's use of living super weapons in law enforcement, including a 56-year-old helicopter pilot from Okigwe. Kaiser Eziobi, who would leave Nigeria in exile.


Armenia was the first to understand that the Greys valued knowledge as a weapon, and their economy was set to profit significantly. Karine Abrahamian, an Armenian linguist, discovered that after her abduction, she knew everything about engineering specific nano-machines. She was able to replicate the machines and sell them on the black market, becoming a millionaire in the process. It was pure luck she was able to get her concept to the Armenian government and they quickly implemented it. Users could subdivide and share portions of their brains, as well as instantly exchange distinct information, talents, or experiences that other NuroNuro users might find useful. With just 10 individuals chosen at random in its beta stage, the multiplication of skills and abilities was reported to have risen by 650%. The Russian and Chinese intelligence services, as well as political operatives, were keeping tabs on Karine's activities.


DONE The UN had a serious problem. They need to keep the world's population under control and prevent any one country from getting an advantage over the others. They planned to do this by enforcing international travel restrictions for living superweapons trhough the Superweapon Threashold Tready. 


The UN is also in the early stages of forming its team of living superweapons that they use to intervene in conflicts and keep the peace. That organization is called SPEAR, Special Personnel for Etratereesstral Assault & Research. This organization would staff soldiers scientists and engineers following the same model as FIST.


In Columbia, the Marxist rebel group FARC, Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia, began using living superweapons in their fight against the Colombian government. The FARC saw the use of living superweapons as a way to level the playing field against the Colombian military, which was heavily armed and funded by the United States. The use of living superweapons by the FARC led to a sharp increase in violence and human rights abuses, as the FARC used them to target civilians and government officials.


DONE In Miari, North Korea, a small group of scientists and engineers developed a brutal but effective method of controlling living superweapons. They used a device that emitted a high-pitched frequency that caused pain and disorientation in its target. The Miari scientists called the device the "sonic leash." Based on LSW research conducted in the Soviet Union, the Miari scientists were able to create a more sophisticated version of the sonic leash that could be used to control multiple living superweapons at once.


DONE Venezuela, a country that had been struggling with political and economic turmoil for years, saw the rise of a new leader, Ricardo Villalobos. Villalobos was a populist leader who pledged to reduce crime by legalizing vigilantism. To that end, he created a new organization called the "Vigilantes de la Noche." The Vigilantes de la Noche were a group of living superweapons who operated outside the law. They were known for their brutal methods, which included torture, kidnapping, murder, and public executions.


In Japan, there was a small but vocal minority who believed that the country should harness the power of living superweapons for its defense. They argued that Japan had been a victim of nuclear weapons and that the country needed to be able to defend itself against the threat of nuclear attack. The Japanese government, however, as opposed to the idea of using living superweapons. Until


DONE In Egypt, the masked vigilante known as the "Awakener" has been using living superweapons to fight against corrupt politicians. The Awakener's goal is to clean up the Egyptian government and make it more responsive to the needs of the people. To that end, he has been targeting officials who are involved in corruption and human rights abuses. He has also been working to build a network of allies among the country's other living superweapons.


In Hati, after the mysterious assassination of president Emmanuel Jean Pierre, where not a single member of the President's security team could be found, the new president, Jacques Sauvage, is elected. His first act as president is to declare martial law and establish a curfew. During this period, a new leader emerged who was not a politician: Limyè, which translates to "The Light."He swiftly seized control of the nation and established a dictatorship. He rules with an iron fist, using his powers to crush any opposition to his rule. The people of Haiti live in fear this game rises to the mysterious figure known as "Lonbraj" who has been using living superweapons to fight against the country's corrupt government. Lonbraj is an enigmatic figure who operates in the shadows, using his network of allies to strike at his enemies. He is a master of manipulation and deception, and he uses his powers to expose the truth about the Hati government and broadcast it to the world. Lonbraj is a dangerous and powerful opponent of the Haitian government, but he may be the only hope for the people of Hati.


In Peru, a small country in South America, the government has been using living superweapons to quell dissent and keep the population under control. The people of Peru live in fear of the government's superpowered agents, who are known for their brutality. One man, however, has had enough. His name is Carlos, and he is a living superweapon. Carlos has been using his powers to fight against the government and its agents. He is a one-man army, and he is the only hope for the people of Peru.


DONE In Libya, the government has been employing living superweapons to combat anti-government rebels. The rebels are led by a man named Mohamed al-Furqan. Al-Furqan is a living superweapon who has been using his powers to fight against the government. He is a master of guerrilla warfare, and he has been leading the rebel forces to victory. In addition to his fighting skills, al-Furqan is also a master of rhetoric and persuasion. He has been using his powers of persuasion to win over the hearts and minds of the Libyan people.


In El Salvador, a lady named Daria Perez is brutally murdered by a group of gangsters. Daria is revived from death by a mysterious figure known as the "Awakener." The Awakener gives Daria Perez otherworldly powers and tasks her with avenging her own murder. Daria Perez becomes the " Avenging Angel" and begins her crusade against the gangsters who took her life. In addition to her new powers, Daria Perez is also adept master of disguise and infiltration. She uses her skills to infiltrate the gangster's operations and take them down from the inside becoming one of the most formidable enemies of gang violence in El Salvador.


Sudan has been in the grip of a civil war for years. The government has been using living superweapons to fight against the rebel forces. The rebels are led by a man named Julius Kambarage. Kambarage kept a trio of loyal and obedient living superweapons, who he called "Falcons of Jediane,". He used his 'Falcons of Jediane' to defeat the government and take control of the country. He imprisoned the former president and established a dictatorship, and the people of Sudan live in fear of his rule. – needs more research on the Sudan conflict


DONE The women in the Maldives are treated as second-class citizens and are often subjected to violence and abuse. There are only two living superweapon women in Maldives both are women.


DONE In the Maldives, women are considered second-class citizens who are frequently subjected to violence and maltreatment. Only two living superweapon women exist in the Maldives, both of whom are females. These ladies are known as "Daughters of Eve." They have a powerful presence and will fight for women's rights.


In Tanzania the government had a pair of superweapons leading a military coup against the President. The soilders were led by a woman named Zephaniah Mwangaza. Mwangaza was a time-traveling superweapon who possessed the ability to control the minds of her foes and go into the future. She was mystiously ambushed, jailed, and decapitated after being shown to have been betrayed by a member of her team.


The people of Tanzania live in constant terror of the regime's superpowered agents, who are notorious for their sadism. Mwangaza is the only hope for the people of Tanzania.
They torture her for information, but she resists. The government eventually tires of torturing her and kills her. Her death sparks a rebellion among the people of Tanzinia, who rise up against the government and overthrow it.






Summary I told the AI:
The earth learns that 6 alien races are on their way to earth to extract the oxygen from the air and they will arrive in 8 years. In a desperate attempt to save humanity, a rival species of aliens, The Greys, who have spent decades studying human behavior, employs machine learning to select who they will kidnap and return to earth with genetically modified powers. They use that knowledge to select people from all over the world who are of sound mind. The aliens believe the world will band together to combat the alien menace, but humanity is doomed to battle. The Greys are our allies.


The aliens, who call themselves The Greys, select 1000 people from around the world who they believe will be able to put aside their differences and work together for the common good. They give these people superpowers and send them back to earth. As the world prepares for the arrival of the alien races, the chosen few must grapple with their new abilities and the weight of the world's expectations. Will they be able to save humanity? or will they succumb to the pressure and fail? 
Give an outline of the above as a grounded award-winning geopolitical superhero that takes place over 8 seasons, with a twist, political intrigue, and suspense inspired by Game of Thrones. The aliens don't arrive until season 7
Aliens will arrive in Season 8
Who are the main characters and what are character conflicts if this were influenced by Game of Thrones


The main characters are:
1. Max - a physics genius who has the power to manipulate energy
2. Jessica - a politician with the power to manipulate people's emotions
3. John - a soldier with the power to create force fields
4. Claire - a scientist with the power to create life
5. Tom - a businessman with the power to control people's minds


The character conflicts are:
1. Max vs Jessica - Both are highly intelligent and have very different ideas about how to use their powers. They butt heads often, but eventually come to respect each other.
2. John vs Claire - John is a man of action and Claire is a woman of science. They have different ways of approaching problems, but they are both dedicated to saving the world.
3. Tom vs everyone - Tom is a selfish man who only cares about power. He is constantly trying to control those around him, but he is ultimately unsuccessful.








Season 1
 DONE Would start with the world learning of the impending arrival of the 6 alien races. The chosen few are abducted and given their superpowers and returned to earth. Some people returned to Earth, are mistakenly returned to the wrong country. We would see the geopolitical tension rising as different countries start to supplement their military, law enforcement & intelligence agencies with these new living super weapons. We would see the United Nations regulate the people with superpowers and pass a treaty preventing people with powers from leaving their countries to engage in foreign conflicts or to help others.


DONE United States: A playboy billionaire with the resources to study, manage, train & recruit the living super-weapons speaks in front of the United Nations pleading with the member countries to allow the United Nations to create its own international super powered organization, not bound by any specific country or committee. 


DONE China: A once a blind man is now given the ability to give random people a superpower temporary. This causes the Chinese government to create a TV show based around giving a random citizen a change to be a superhero, if they win the  lottery. The heroes are then used to further the Chinese agenda around the world. 


DONE Kyrgyzstan: A young woman who can control the seasons is discovered by the government and is used as a tool for weather manipulation. The people of her village start to believe she is a witch and try to burn her at the stake, but she convinces them not to by bringing rain for the crop season. The Kyrgyzstan government hears about this and kidnaps her from her village, throwing her in prison in order to study her and use her powers for government operations.
Increase the stakes and make the consequences more dire for the above content
The young woman is used by the government to manipulate the weather, but when her village turns on her, they start to blame her for everything that goes wrong. The weather manipulation is used as a tool to control the people, and when they rebel, the consequences are dire. The young woman is forced to flee her village, and she must use her powers to survive in the outside world.




Season 2:


DONE The first few episodes would focus on the team of mercenaries carrying out missions for their billionaire employer. 
DONE We would see that other countries are also developing their teams of superpowered people. 


DONE In the later episodes of the season, we would see that the blood of the people with superpowers is being used to create a drugs, 


DONE LSW fluid is also used to create consumer products, weapons, and other technologies that give people abilities. 


DONE The tension between the different countries would start to boil over as they jockey for position. In the background, the aliens would be getting closer and closer to earth.


Season 3:
In season 3, we would learn the Greys valued knowledge as power and some of the 1000 people know have absolute knowledge about specific disciplines.  These people are called sages. The sages use their knowledge to help the world but they are also used as weapons by the countries that have them.


As the sages are used as weapons, they are constantly in danger of being captured or killed. 


And because they dont have the same knowledge, they often have to rely on each other to survive. This season is full of suspense as the sages try to stay alive and help the world at the same time.


Season 4:
season 4, is the most violent. It is full of war as the different countries try to take over each other using their superpowered people. An experiment genetic experiment gone wrong involving two superpowered people creates a virus that turns people into raging monsters. At first, it only affects the people who have superpowers, but eventually, it mutates and starts affecting regular people as well. 
As the virus spreads worldwide, it causes pandemonium and devastation. As a result of the virus, several nations begin to fall apart as they are unable to protect their people. In the end, a group of sages find a cure for the virus, but it is too late for many. Nearly half the world's population has been wiped out by the virus.


Season 5:
In season 5, we see the aftermath of the virus. The world is in disarray and different factions are fighting for control. In the midst of all this, a maned named  Zachary Taylor emerges as a messenger of the The Greys. He has a message of peace and unity, but not everyone is ready to listen.
As Zachary tries to unite the world by sharing the knowledge of the Greys, the different factions start to see him as a threat. He quickly becomes a target and assassinated at the end of the season.






Season 6:
In season 6, we see the world plunged into darkness as different groups fight for control. With Zachary gone, there is no one to unify the world. What is left of the united nations tries to maintain some semblance of order, but they are quickly losing ground as different factions start to go to war with each other over resources.
As the world descends into chaos, a time traveler from the future arrives. He has come to warn the people of the impending doom that awaits them if they do not change their ways.  He tells them that in the future, the world will be ruined and humanity will be extinct.
The time traveler is met with resistance. People do not want to change and they are not ready to listen. In the end, the time traveler is killed and his message goes unheard.


Season 7:
in season 7 we see a sage named Lily who suddenly realizes what the knowledge The Greys gave her was meant to do. She was supposed to use it to build a portal to flee to another dimension. When she tells the other sages, they are hesitant at first, but eventually they realize that it is the only way to save themselves.
They start to build the portal and as they do, different factions start to find out about it. They want to use the portal for their own purposes and they will stop at nothing to get it.
As the portal nears completion, the different factions start to war with each other. The sages are caught in the middle and they must choose sides. In the end, they finish the portal and flee to another dimension, leaving the war-torn world behind.
However, there are those who see her as a threat. The different factions start to hunt her down, but she is able to elude them. In the end, she is able
As the world starts to come apart at the seams, Lily realizes that she has


Season 8:
In season 8, we see the world rebuilding after the disastrous events of season 7.






________________


In season 2
a lady called the White Witch appears and she is full of hate. She has the power to control people's minds and she uses this power to try and take over the world. She is eventually defeated by the sages, but she leaves a lasting impression on the people of the world.


Even after she is defeated, the White Witch leaves a lasting impression on the people of the world. They are now fearful of anyone who has  superpowers. In season 3, we see the world start to become more divided as people with superpowers are seen as a threat. The different countries start to build walls to keep the superpowered people out.





1. What are 5 subplots that could create more complex and intertwined storylines.

1. The virus mutates and starts to affect different types of people.

2. The different factions start to war with each other over resources.

2. The different countries start to go to war with each other over resources.

3. A time traveler from the future arrives warning of an impending doom if they do not change their ways.

4. The different factions start to see Zachary as a threat and he is assassinated.

5. The world is plunged into darkness







Write an outline and have a new character face difficult choices with no easy answers with the above content. 

1. In a world full of chaos and destruction, a new character emerges who is faced with difficult choices with no easy answers
2. This new character is a Chinese-American woman named Sarah Lee.
3. Sarah is a doctor who is trying to find a cure for the virus that has decimated the world's population.
4. Sarah is also trying to find a way to save her sister, who is one of the people affected by the virus.
5. As Sarah tries to find a cure and save her sister, she is faced with difficult choices that have no easy answers.


1. Sarah is in a race against time to find a cure for the virus.
2. Every day, she is faced with the difficult choice of whether to save her sister or continue working on the cure.
3. As the virus mutates and starts to affect more people, Sarah's choices become even more difficult.
4. With the world descending into chaos, Sarah must make some tough decisions that will have
6. Sarah must decide whether to save her sister or the world.
7. Sarah must also choose between two different factions, each with their own agenda.
8. Sarah's choices will have far-reaching consequences for the world and for her own personal life.
Write an outline about Sarah that has exposition, rising action, climax, falling action, and resolution 1. Introduce Sarah Lee, a Chinese-American woman who is a doctor
2. Describe the world as it is now - full of chaos and destruction
3. Sarah is trying to find a cure for the virus that has decimated the world's population
4. Sarah is also trying to save her sister, who is one of the people affected by the virus
5. Sarah is faced with difficult choices that have no easy answers
6. The world is descending into chaos and Sarah must make some tough decisions
7. Sarah must choose between two different factions, each with their own agenda
8. Sarah's choices will have far-reaching consequences for the world and for her own personal life
9. Sarah's story will have a happy ending










Write an outline for the White Witch's storyline


1. Introduce the White Witch
2. Show her power and how she uses it to control people's minds


The White Witch is a powerful lady who can control people's minds. She uses this power to try and take over the world.


3. Follow her as she tries to take over the world
4. Show how she is eventually defeated by the sages
5. Even after she is defeated, show how she leaves a lasting impression on the world.




What are 5 ways with examples to make each season much stronger
1. Create more complex and intertwined storylines.
2. Add more action and suspense.
3. Increase the stakes and make the consequences more dire.
4. Introduce new and interesting characters.
5. Make the setting more exotic and interesting.


1. Increase the number of superpowers – This will make the show more interesting and exciting to watch.
2. Create more suspenseful situations – This will keep viewers on the edge of their seats and wanting more.
3. Introduce more aliens – This will add another layer of intrigue and mystery to the show.
4. Make the world more chaotic – This will make the show more exciting and unpredictable.


An Example
5. Introduce more time travel – This will add another layer of suspense and intrigue.


1. Around the world teams of groups with willing and unwilling super powered workers carry out missions for their billionaire employers  
4. A group of superpowered people from different countries are brought together to stop a group of aliens from invading earth.
5. A group of superpowered people are trying to find a cure for a virus that is turning people into monsters.
6. A group of superpowered people are trying to stop a group of criminals from taking over a city.
7. A group of superpowered people are trying to find out who is behind a series of murders.
8.


1. The rise of the sages and the battle for knowledge.
2. The virus that turns people into monsters
3. The war for control of the world
4. The search for a cure for the virus 
5. A potential time traveler from the future who tries to warn people of the impending doom, urging the nations  of earth to act now before its too late


What are 5 multi season story arcs with examples that include country and superpowers, to make each season more engaging and more like Game of Thrones in scope in the voice of Oliver Stone
1. The rise and fall of Superpowers: A story about the rise and fall of superpowers, told through the lens of different countries.
2. The outbreak of a virus: A story about a virus that outbreak and decimates the world, told through the perspective of different countries.
3. The war for resources: A story about different countries fighting over resources, told through the perspective of those involved in the conflict.
4. The search for a new home: A story about a group of people searching for a new home, told through the perspective of those on the journey.
5. The battle for control: A story about different groups fighting for control of the world, told through the perspective


In season 5, we see the aftermath of the virus. The world is in disarray and different factions are fighting for control. In the midst of all this,  the aliens finally make contact with humanity. They offer to help rebuild the world and cure the virus. But they also want something in return.
They want the sages.
The different countries must decide whether to hand over the sages or not. But the aliens are not the only ones after the sages. There are also other factions who want to use their knowledge for their own purposes.
Season 5 is full of political intrigue, betrayal, and action.


Season 6:
In season 6, the aliens start to help rebuild the world. But there








Stuff
Season 2
As the team of mercenaries carry out their mission in a remote location, they are suddenly attacked by a group of superpowered people. One of the mercenaries is killed in the attack and the rest are captured. The captors take them to a secret facility where they are being held prisoner. The facility is run by a mad scientist who is using the blood of the people with superpowers to create a drug that gives people abilities. The team of mercenaries is horrified to learn that the drug is responsible for the outbreak of the virus. They manage to escape from the facility and make their way back to civilization to warn the world about the mad scientist's plans.
The death of one of the mercenaries has a profound impact on the team. They are now more determined than ever to stop the mad scientist and his plans. The death also makes them realize that they need to be more careful in their missions. They need to take into account the fact that there are people out there who are willing to kill to get their hands on the blood of people with superpowers.
Season 2?
As the world watches, the United Nations holds a meeting to discuss the arrival of the aliens. While they are talking, a bomb detonates, killing many of the world leaders. In the aftermath, it is revealed that the billionaire who recruited the team of mercenaries had planted the bomb. He did it to create chaos so that he could take over the world. The different countries start to war with each other, and the team of mercenaries is caught in the middle. As they try to survive, they realize that they are being used as pawns in a much larger game.
Season 3?
As the war between the different countries rages on, one of the sages, a man named Alex, is captured by a rival country. They torture him for information, but he refuses to talk. So they decide to use him as a weapon. They strap him to a chair and force him to watch as they kill his family, one by one. As he watches his loved ones die, the rage inside of him grows until it consumes him. He breaks free from his bonds and kills everyone in the room. This act of violence sets off a chain reaction that leads to the capture and execution of all the other sages. With the sages gone, the different countries are left to fend for themselves against the aliens.


As the Sage-Queen of the United States, Laura is in a precarious position. She has information that could be valuable to countries around the world, but she is also a target. One night, as she is working in her lab, she is attacked by a group of men with powers. They manage to kidnap her and take her to a secret location.


Once there, they torture her for information. Laura is defiant at first, but as the torture continues, she eventually breaks. She tells them everything she knows about the different countries and their plans. The men then kill her, knowing that she is now a liability.


Season 4?
The virus has mutated and started affecting regular people as well. It creates chaos and destruction as it spreads around the world. The different countries start to collapse as they are unable to deal with the virus. In the midst of all this, the aliens finally make contact with humanity. The aliens offer to help humanity if they can provide them with the sages. The different countries start fighting over who will get to keep the sages. In the end, the US manages to keep most of the sages safe. However, in a desperate move, one of the other countries decides to launch a nuclear attack on the US. The nuclear bomb destroys the city where the sages are located. Thousands of people are killed, including the sages. This act of destruction finally convinces the aliens to help humanity. They use their technology to rid the world of the virus.




season 3 cluggangers
1. As the sages are in danger, they must be careful of who they trust. In the season finale, one of the sages is betrayed and captured by a country who wants to weaponize their knowledge.
2. The sages must work together to stop a madman who has taken one of their own hostage. They have to find him before he kills the sage and gains access to their knowledge.
3
1. A group of sages is captured by a rival country and they are about to be executed.
2. A sage is about to be captured by a group of criminals who want to use her knowledge for evil.
3. A sage is about to be revealed to the world as a weapon and is in danger of being hunted by everyone.












1. Have the superpowers be something that the character is not comfortable with or is afraid of. For example, have the character be able to fly but be afraid of heights. This would add character development as the character overcomes their fear.
2. Have the character use their superpower in a way that is not conventional. For example, have a character who  can control water, but instead of using it to put out fires, they use it to create rainstorms. This would add depth to the character as they use their powers in creative ways.
3. Have the character be hesitant to use their superpower because they are afraid of the responsibility that comes with it.
The character is hesitant to use their superpower because they are afraid of the responsibility that comes with it. They are afraid that they
1. One character is addicted to a drug that gives them superpowers. They struggle with their addiction while also trying to use their powers for good.


1. Add a scene in which the character is using the drug and experiences its effects.
2. Add a scene in which the character is trying to quit the drug and is struggling with withdrawal.
3. Add a scene in which the character is offered the drug and has to make a decision whether to take it or not.
4. Add a scene in which the character is dealing with the aftermath of taking the drug, whether it be good or bad.
5. Add a scene in which the character is tempted to take the drug again but resists. This could be a moment of growth for the character.
3. A character takes a drug that makes them super strong, but it also makes them aggressive and violent. They struggle to control themselves and their powers.
4. A character takes a drug that gives them the ability to fly, but it also makes them dizzy and disoriented. They have to learn how to control their powers in order to use them effectively.
5. A character takes a drug that allows them to read minds, but it also makes them hear voices all the time. They find it difficult to focus and use their powers without going crazy.
1. Have the protagonist struggle with whether or not to use their powers for good or for personal gain


The protagonist is torn between using their powers for good or for personal gain. They want to help people, but they also want to use their powers to get what they want. They struggle with this decision throughout the story and it leads to some difficult choices.
2. The antagonist is a user of the drug and their goals are driven by it


The antagonist is a user of the drug and their goals are driven by it. They want to use their powers to take over the world or destroy it. They are ruthless and will do whatever it takes to achieve their goals.
3. The drug has negative side effects that the characters have to deal with


The drug has negative side effects that the characters have to deal with.
2. Show how the protagonist's enemies are using their powers for evil and how this affects the people around them
3. Have the protagonist's allies be people who also have superpowers and are struggling with the same issues
4. Create suspenseful moments where it is unclear whether or not the protagonist will be able to defeat their enemies
5. Have the protagonist's decisions and actions have real-world consequences that affect the people around them.




1. Introduce new characters who are against the heroes and have their own agenda.
2. Show how the heroes are struggling to use their powers and work together as a team.
3. Raise the stakes by having the aliens arrive sooner than expected.
4. Have the heroes discover that the aliens have ulterior motives.
5. Introduce a new villain who is even more powerful than the aliens.












1. Introduce the characters and their backgrounds
2. Show the world preparing for the alien invasion
3. Set up the conflict of the chosen few trying to save the world
4. Climax of the story when the aliens finally arrive
5. Resolution of the story










Act 1
The first act of the story will focus on the chosen few as they come to terms with their new abilities and the responsibility that has been thrust upon them. We will see them struggle with their powers, and doubt their ability to save the world. But as they come to understand their abilities better,


The earth learns that 6 alien races are on their way to earth to extract the oxygen from the air and they will arrive in 8 years. A rival species of aliens, The Greys who have spent decades studying human behavior, employ machine learning to select who they will kidnap and return to earth with genetically modified powers. They use that knowledge to select people from all over the world who are of sound mind. The aliens believe the world will band together to combat the alien menace, but humanity is doomed to battle. The Greys are our allies.
The aliens, who call themselves The Greys, select 1000 people from around the world who they believe will be able to put aside their differences and work together for the common good. They give these people superpowers and send them back to earth.


Rewrite the above content in Suspense and Political Intrigue
















1. In a world of political intrigue and suspense, a group of superheroes known as the Watch struggle to keep the peace and protect their people  from the evil forces that seek to tear them apart.
2. The Watch is a group of superheroes with extraordinary abilities who have sworn to protect the innocent and keep the peace.
3. They are often called upon to defend the people from those who would do them harm, and they take their duty very seriously.
4. However, not everyone is happy with the way the Watch does things, and there are always those who seek to take advantage of the situation.
5. The superheroes must use their abilities and intelligence to outwit their enemies and keep the peace.
6. In a world of constant danger, the Watch must be ever vigilant in order to protect the people they have sworn to defend.


Give an outline of a worldwide geopolitical superhero story that possesses, Game of Thrones plot complexity.  Use detailed examples




Give an outline of a worldwide geopolitical superhero story that possesses, Game of Thrones plot complexity.  Use detailed examples
1. Humanity is threatened by an alien race that plans to extract the oxygen from the air, leaving humanity to die
2. A rival alien race, The Greys, who have been studying human behavior for decades, decide to intervene.
3. The Greys use their knowledge of human behavior to select 1000 people from around the world who they believe will be able to put aside their differences and work together for the common good. 
4. The Greys give these people superpowers and send them back to earth.
5. These superpowered individuals must band together to stop the alien race from carrying out their plan and save humanity.
6. However, the different factions of superpowered individuals are constantly at odds with each other, complicating matters.
7. Meanwhile, the aliens are constantly changing their plans and strategies, making it difficult for the humans to keep up.
8. Ultimately, it is a race against time for the humans to find a way to stop the aliens before they succeed in exterminating all of humanity.
Exposition 
Earth learns that 6 alien races are on their way to earth to extract the oxygen from the air and they will arrive in 8 years. A rival species of aliens, The Greys who have spent decades studying human behavior, employ machine learning to select who they will kidnap and return to earth with genetically modified powers. They use that knowledge to select people from all over the world who are of sound mind. The aliens believe the world will band together to combat the alien menace, but humanity is doomed to battle. The Greys are our allies.
The aliens, who call themselves The Greys, select 1000 people from around the world who they believe will be able to put aside their differences and work together for the common good. They give these people superpowers and send them back to earth.


Arriving in their respective countries, some are regarded as heroes while others are scorned and hunted for their blood. The United nation calls for a worldwide assembly to discuss what to do about the armada of alien ships with six different alien species headed to earth to destroy all life.  Refusing to unite due to politics they decided that each country will create its superteam with which to combat The Greys.  UN is been accused of enabling nations to use what the Greys gave us against one another but none of the countries want to relinquish control of these new 'living superweapons'.
Rising Action
The Greys had underestimated human nature, expecting us to band together against a common enemy. Instead, we used their gifts against each other, pitting superteam against superteam in a battle for supremacy. The death toll rose and the country's economies collapsed as the world descended into chaos.


















What are 4 superpowers that need to be used together in order to tear a hole into reality and send the armada of alien ships back to their own dimension?


The superpowers are:


1. Telekinesis


2. Super strength
3. Flight
4. Invisibility


The heroes must use their powers together to open a portal that will send the armada of alien ships back to their own dimension.


Climax
The heroes succeed in opening the portal and the armada




The 4 superpowers that need to be used together in order to tear a hole into reality are telekinesis, telepathy, pyrokinesis, and cryokinesis. With these 4 abilities, a person would be able to manipulate the elements around them to create a rift in space and time. This would allow them to travel to different dimensions or even alternate universes.


1. Flight
2. Invisibility
3. Telekinesis
4. Super strength
What are 6 strong reasons aliens would want to extract most of the oxygen from Earth.




1. They need to survive and oxygen is necessary for them to live.
2. They want to use the oxygen to power their ships or weaponry.
3. They want to create a giant intergalactic space station and need the oxygen to do so.
4. They want to sell the oxygen to other planets who don't have it and make a fortune.
5. They are planning on terraforming Earth to make it more habitable for their own species and need to get rid of the oxygen in order to do so.
6. They view oxygen as a pollutant and want to get rid of it in order to "clean up" the universe.
1. In act one, a member of the US Coast guard goes on an online date with a man she just met. After some drinks and get conversation, he sleeps at her house. When she is asleep for the night he sneaks out of bed and sits at her government computer and plugs in a USB. The next day, when she wakes up, she realizes that her home has been broken into and her computer has been hacked. She then contacts the FBI which begins an investigation.
Add unpredictability, strong character motivations, and complexity to the above content


2. In act two, it is revealed that the man who broke into her house was working for a foreign government and had been sent to steal classified information. The FBI is able to track him down and arrest him, but they are unable to find the USB he used to copy the data.
Add unpredictability, strong character motivations, and complexity to the above content


3. In act three, it is revealed that the USB was actually a copy of the data and that the man who broke into her house was working for a different foreign government. The FBI is able to track down the man who has the USB and arrest him.
Add unpredictability, strong character motivations, and complexity to the above content.


3. In act three, the superheroes split up into teams and start taking down the terrorists. However, during one of the battles, one of the terrorists sets off a nuclear bomb. The blast kills many people and levels a city block. This


























2. In act two, the same member of the US Coast guard is captured by a group of supervillains who want to sell him to the highest bidder. The FSB agent from the date works with the US government to track down the supervillains and rescue the Coast guard member.


3. In act three, the Coast guard member is rescued and returned to the US. The FSB agent decides to defect to the US, and the two begin a romantic relationship. The story ends with them discussing their plans for the future and how they will work together to make sure that superhero activity




3. In act three, Benchley is captured by the government and taken to a secret prison where they experiment on him and try to replicate the process that gave him his powers. However, Benchley is able to escape and use his powers to destroy the facility. He then sets out to get revenge on the politician who started all of this by killing him..


2. In act two, Benchley wakes up in a hospital where he is told that the man he was fighting is actually a superhero who protects the world from evil. He also learns that the politician who hired him is actually a villain who wants to take over the world.
1. In act one, a member of the US Coast guard goes on an online date with a member of the Russian FSB. The two discuss their countries' involvement in international superhero activity, and the date goes well.


2. In act two, the same member of the US Coast guard is captured by a group of supervillains who want to sell him to the highest bidder. The FSB agent from the date works with the US government to track down the supervillains and rescue the Coast guard member.


3. In act three, the Coast guard member is rescued and returned to the US. The FSB agent decides to defect to the US, and the two begin a romantic relationship. The story ends with them discussing their plans for the future and how they will work together to make sure that superhero activity
China:




Japan: A young girl with superhuman powers helps protect Japan from evil forces that seek to destroy the country. She is a symbol of strength and courage, and her actions give hope to the people of Japan.


Russia: A vigilante superhero protects Russia from criminals and corrupt politicians. He is a symbol of justice and patriotism, and his actions inspire others to fight for what is right.


United States: A superhero team defends the United States from all manner of evil threats. They are a symbol of hope and justice, and their actions inspire others to fight for what is right.


France -
Act1:


China: In China, a geopolitical superhero story with cultural and social relevance might explore the impact of a superpowered being on Chinese society and politics. The story could focus on the ways in which the superhero's presence affects the balance of power between different factions within the government, or on how the superhero's actions help to shape public opinion about controversial topics like human rights or freedom of speech. The story could also examine the ways in which the superhero's abilities might be used to further the agendas of powerful people or organizations, or to fight against them.
Act 1:


The story opens with the superhero, who we'll call 'Superman', flying over the city of Metropolis. He sees a large crowd of people gathered around a burning building, and he rushes to help. He saves a group of people from the burning building, and then flies away.


Later, Superman is called to testify before a Congressional committee about his activities. The members of the committee grill him about why he chose to save the people in the burning building, and whether or not he had any ulterior motives. Superman insists that he simply wanted to help those in need, but the skeptical members of the committee are not convinced.


As the hearing ends, one of the members of the committee approaches Superman and tells him that he believes his intentions are good, but that he needs to be more careful about how he uses his powers. The member tells Superman that there are people who would use his abilities for their own gain, and that he should be mindful of that fact.


Superman thanks the member for his advice, and flies off into the night.


Act 2:


Some time later, Superman is called to help with a hostage situation at a bank. The hostages are being held by a group of criminals, and Superman is able to apprehend them all without any injuries.


After the incident, Superman is again called to testify before the Congressional committee. This time, the members of the committee praise him for his quick thinking and bravery in apprehending the criminals. They tell him that his actions have helped to improve the public's opinion of superheroes, and that they are now more trusted than ever before.


As Superman leaves the hearing, he is approached by a group of reporters who ask him for a statement. Superman tells them that he is happy to have been able to help, but that he knows there are other people out there who need his help just as much as the people in Metropolis did.


Act 3:


Later, Superman is called to help with another incident, this time involving a group of terrorists who have taken over a building. Superman is able to apprehend the terrorists and save the hostages, but not before one of the terrorists sets off a bomb.


In the aftermath of the incident, Superman is once again called to testify before the Congressional committee. This time, the members of the committee are very critical of his actions, and they tell him that he needs to be more careful in how he uses his powers. They say that his actions could have easily resulted in more deaths, and that he needs to consider the consequences of his actions more carefully in the future.
Superman leaves the hearing feeling frustrated and angry. He knows that he is trying to help people, but it seems like no matter what he does, someone is always there to criticize him.
Later, Superman is approached by a group of people who tell him that they appreciate everything he has done for them. They tell him that he is a symbol of hope for many people, and that they will continue to support him no matter what. Superman is touched by their words, and he flies off into the night knowing that he is not alone.






US
An example of this could be a story in which a superhero with the ability to fly is discovered to be working for the CIA. The superhero's activities are then used to further the CIA's agenda, leading to increased tensions between the United States and other countries. The superhero might also find themselves at odds with the American government, or with other superpowered beings, as they try to protect the innocent and uphold justice.
Story Structure:
Act 1: The superhero is discovered and their abilities are put to use by the CIA.
Act 2: The superhero's activities lead to increased tensions between the United States and other countries.
Act 3:  The superhero is at odds with the American government or other superpowered beings.
Act 4: The superhero tries to protect the innocent and uphold justice.
Act 5: The superhero's efforts have a positive impact on American society and politics.






One possible plot example for a worldwide geopolitical superhero story with cultural and social relevance for China is that the Chinese hero teams up with American and Russian superheroes to take on a Chinese supervillain who has threatened to destroy Beijing. The Chinese hero is able to use their knowledge of traditional Chinese medicine and martial arts to help defeat the supervillain.


A possible plot example for a worldwide geopolitical superhero story with cultural and social relevance for America is that the American hero teams up with British and French superheroes to take on an American supervillain who has threatened to destroy New York City. The American hero is able to use their knowledge of technology and military strategy to help defeat the supervillain.














Russia: In Russia, a geopolitical superhero story with cultural and social relevance might explore the impact of a superpowered being on Russian society and politics. The story could focus on the ways in which the superhero's presence affects the balance of power between different factions within the government, or on how the superhero's actions help to shape public opinion about controversial topics like the war in Chechnya or the annexation of Crimea. The story could also examine the ways in which the superhero's abilities might be used to further the agendas of powerful people or organizations, or to fight against them.
An example of this could be a story in which a superhero with the ability to control electricity is discovered to be working for the Russian military. The superhero's abilities are then used to help the Russian military win a victory in the war in Chechnya, leading to increased tensions between Russia and other countries. The superhero might also find themselves at odds with the Russian government, or with other superpowered beings, as they try to protect the innocent and uphold justice.




Story Structure:
Act 1: The superhero is discovered and their abilities are put to use by the Russian military.
Act 2: The superhero's activities lead to increased tensions between Russia and other countries.
Act 3: The superhero is at odds with the Russian government or other superpowered beings.
Act 4: The superhero tries to protect the innocent and uphold justice.
Act 5: The superhero's efforts have a positive impact on Russian society and politics.


China: In China, a geopolitical superhero story with cultural and social relevance might explore the impact of a superpowered being on Chinese society and politics. The story could focus on the ways in which the superhero's presence affects the balance of power between different factions within the government, or on how the superhero's actions help to shape public opinion about controversial topics like human rights or the environment. The story could also examine the ways in which the superhero's abilities might be used to further the agendas of powerful people or organizations, or to fight against them.
An example of this could be a story in which a superhero with the ability to control travel to the past for short periods of time is discovered to be working for the Chinese government. The superhero's abilities are then used to help the Chinese government win a victory in the war against Tibet, leading to increased tensions between China and other countries. The superhero might also find themselves at odds with the Chinese government, or with other superpowered beings, as they try to protect the innocent and uphold justice.




1. In a world of superheroes, geopolitical conflict is more dangerous than ever.
2. A superhero with the ability to control electricity is discovered to be working for the Russian military.
3. The superhero's abilities are used to help the Russian government win a victory in the war against Tibet, leading to increased tensions between China and other countries.
4. The superhero is at odds with the Russian government or other superpowered beings, as they try to protect the innocent and uphold justice.
5. The superhero's efforts have a positive impact on Russian society and politics.
6. In China, a superhero with the ability to control travel to the past is discovered to be working for the Chinese government.
7. The superhero's abilities are used to help the Chinese government win a victory in the war against Tibet, leading to increased tensions between China and other countries.
8. The superhero is at odds with the Chinese government or other superpowered beings, as they try to protect the innocent and uphold justice.
9. The superhero's efforts have a positive impact on Chinese society and politics.
10. In America, a superhero with the ability to fly is discovered to be working


































1. The world is on the brink of war. Superheroes from all nations come together to try and prevent it.


2. A new supervillain emerges, threatening to destroy the world. The superheroes must work together to stop him.


3. A superhuman is discovered who has the power to destroy cities with a single touch. The heroes must find a way to stop him before he can do any damage.


4. A group of superpowered individuals decides to take over the world. The heroes must stop them before they can succeed.


5. An alien race comes to Earth, intending to conquer it. The superheroes must fight them off and protect












Fincher
1. A superhero story where the world is on the brink of destruction and the heroes must come together to save it.


2. A story about a superhero who is forced to take on a new identity in order to protect those they love.


3. A story about a superhero who must battle against their own dark side in order to save the world.


4. A story about a group of superheroes who have to put aside their differences to save the world from a common enemy.


5. A story where the fate of the world rests in the hands of a superhero who is struggling with personal demons.