Establishment 24 is an organization that is  closely aligned with its home government of India.  Acting mostly as an extension of India's military and intelligence services. Establishment 24  gained worldwide attention and popularity for their work on the countries physical infrastructure. After planning ambitious projects from improving  electricity, railways, roads, ports, airports, irrigation, water supply, and sanitation systems, all of which previously sufferered from substantial deficit, the work from Establishment 24 was recognized and used as a framework for how other countries could use their LSW citizens to make life better for all Indians.  Establishment 24 then began its most ambitious undertaking to date and that was to extract all impurities from  the Ganga river in a project the Establishment called  'Icchatām Ganga' which loosely translates to "The Wishing Ganga" in English. The project was able to successfully remove close to %80 of the waste and pollutants from the river.  






Leadership: Colonel Raghavan Reddy, a strong and charismatic leader, is at the helm of this well-oiled machine. His die-hard patriotism and no-nonsense attitude has earned him both friends and enemies in high places.






Mission:To make India a safe and prosperous country for all Indians by any means necessary.






Vision: To improve the quality of life for all Indians and establish India as a leading world power.






Organization Structure: More of a Hierarchy, Col. Reddy is at the top with his right-hand man Maj. Gupta, they are in charge of a team of 12 agents that carryout the orders given to them.






Core Values: Patriotism, Dedication, and Sacrifice.






Goal:


The goal of Establishment 24 is to bring India into the future by utilizing the abilities of its LSW citizens while maintaining peace and harmony throughout the country.  










Motivation:


The motivation of Establishment 24 






Doctrine or ideology:


Establishment 24 believes that the LSW citizens are a vital part of India's future and should be utilized to their fullest potential in order to improve the country as a whole. 






Means/Method:


Establishment 24 is not willing to violate international law or harm innocent civilians in order to achieve their goals. They are willing to work with other countries and organizations in order to further their goals. 






Secrets:


Establishment 24 has a number of secrets, the most well known being their involvement in the assassination of high profile targets in Paresh Baruah and Dawood Ibrahim. Due to the large number of Living Superweapons in India, they also have a large number of LSW citizens working for them, though the exact number is unknown.






Establishment 24 is also credited with being one of the first organizations to use data and analytics to improve military decision making. they did this by rigorously analyzing past conflicts and understanding how the enemy operated. This allowed them to establish a set of best practices that would help the Indian military make better decisions in any future conflict.  One instance of note is during the Kargil War where they were able to provide critical intelligence that helped the Indian military drive the Pakistani forces out of the Kargil district with the need for Establishment 24's Living Superweapon soldiers.






Despite all their successes, Establishment 24 remains a largely unknown entity. 






The work of Establishment 24 has been widely lauded and they have been able to maintain a good reputation in the international community.






Establishment 24 has also been at the forefront of using technology for social good. They were one of the first organizations to use drones






Who are the members of Establishment 24?


The members of Establishment 24 are a mix of military personnel, government officials, and private citizens. The exact number of members is unknown, but it is believed to be in the hundreds. 






How does Establishment 24 receive their missions?


The missions of Establishment 24 come exclusively from including the government of India.  Private companies and individuals are not able to request the services of Establishment 24.






What are the specialty divisions in Establishment 24?


The specialty divisions in Establishment 24 include:






-The assassination squad: This squad is responsible for carrying out the orders of Col. Reddy and Maj. Gupta. They are believed to be responsible for the assassinations of Paresh Ibrahim and Dawood .






-The data and analytics division: This division is responsible for analyzing past conflicts and establishing best practices for the Indian military.






-The drone division: This division is responsible for using drones to carry out various missions for Establishment 24. 






What are the conditions of joining Establishment 24?


The conditions of joining Establishment 24 are not known to the public. It is believed that one must have some sort of special skill or talent in order to join the organization. 






What is the training like for members of Establishment 24?


The training for members of Establishment 24 is intense and secretive. It is believed that members undergo a variety of physical, mental, and emotional tests during their training. 






What are the benefits of being a member of Establishment 24?


The benefits of being a member of Establishment 24 include:






-Access to exclusive information and resources: Members of Establishment 24 have access to a wealth of information and resources that are not available to the general public. 






-Mentorship from experienced members: Members of Establishment 24 are able to receive mentorship and guidance from more experienced members of the organization. 






-The opportunity to make a difference: Members of Establishment 24 are able to use their skills and talents to make a positive impact on the world. 






What are the risks of being a member of Establishment 24?


The risks of being a member of Establishment 24 include:






-Physical danger: Members of Establishment 24 often put themselves in dangerous situations. 






-Emotional stress: The work of Establishment 24 can be emotionally stressful. 






-The risk of being killed: Because members of Establishment 24 often take on high-risk missions, there is a risk that they could be killed in the line of duty. 






What is the success rate of Establishment 24?


The success rate of Establishment 24 is not known to the public. However, the organization has a good reputation in the international community. 






What are some of the challenges faced by Establishment 24?


Some of the challenges faced by Establishment 24 include:






-The risk of failure: Because members of Establishment 24 often take on high-risk missions, there is a risk that they could fail in their mission. 






-Lack of public recognition: The work of Establishment 24 is often done in secrecy and members do not receive public recognition for their work. 






-The danger of discovery: Because members of Establishment 24 often operate in secret, there is a danger that their activities could be discovered by the wrong people. 






What is the ultimate goal of Establishment 24?


The ultimate goal of Establishment 24 is to protect the interests of India and its citizens. The organization strives to achieve this goal through a variety of means, including: 






-Carrying out high-risk missions: Members of Establishment 24 often take on dangerous missions in order to protect the interests of India. 




-Collecting and analyzing data: The data and analytics division of Establishment 24 collect and analyze data in order to establish best practices for the Indian military. 




What is the relationship between Establishment 24 and the government?


The relationship between Establishment 24 and the government is a close one. The organization was established by the government and they receive the majority of their funding from them. They are also given a great deal of leeway in how they operate, as long as they are able to accomplish their goals. 




What is the relationship between Establishment 24 and the LSW citizens?


The relationship between Establishment 24 and the LSW citizens is a good one. The organization understands the importance of utilizing the abilities of these citizens