Hank Foster is a 67 year old man from Arkansas. Hank was married to Maggie Foster for 40 years before he was abducted in the first round of abductions made by the Grey. Before this, Hank had been taking care of Maggie, who had been diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer. His abduction lasted 86 days, during which time, Maggie’s cancer progressed to stage 4. She died five days before he returned, and when he came back, Hank was devastated. But Hank had returned with incredible powers, though he didn’t realize it yet. The Greys had given his body a natural probability field. This meant that Hank now had incredibly good luck in all regards. Every lottery ticket he bought, he won. Every game of poker he played, he ended up with the best hand at the table. If he said something would happen, it did. This luck extended to all the cells in his body, which, though 67 years old, behaved as if they were in the peak physical condition of a twenty year old. He was incredibly strong and sharp minded, but incredibly reclusive, as he was still dealing with the loss of his wife and blaming himself for not being with her in her last months. He threw himself into his work as a construction worker, and was hardly ever seen otherwise, except at church on Sundays. 
One day, months after he returned from the abduction, Hank was sitting in the pews of his church, when he swore that he felt God calling him to do something. Later, when he was driving home, he saw someone disappear into an alleyway out of the corner of his eye. Hank pulled his car over and got out to investigate the alleyway, grabbing a hammer from the back of his car in case there was any danger. There, in the back of the alley, was a police officer arresting a homeless man for loitering and trespassing on public property. The homeless man’s things were all set up in the back of the alleyway, and it looked like he had been living there for some time. The words of the Bible surged unbidden into Hank’s head – whatsoever you do to the least of your brothers and sisters, you do unto me. Unthinkingly, Hank threw the hammer at the policeman, hitting his head and knocking him out completely. With his luck, Hank knew the officer wouldn’t remember any of what happened. Then, using an improbable amount of strength, he broke the handcuffs that the policeman had put on the homeless man. The man looked at him in awe, and Hank just nodded at him, dusted himself off, and walked out of the alley. There on the wall beside the alley, in huge, bubble letters of graffiti art were written the words AVENGE ME. 
And suddenly, Hank knew what God was calling him to do. 
He took his carpenter’s hammer, sold his home, and moved into his van. From there, he drove all across the Bible Belt, helping the poor, the needy, and the homeless, and enacting vengeance upon those who did them wrong. Though the news never snapped a photo of him, word began to spread of an older man with a white beard and a hammer who would help you if you were in need. This uncommonly lucky superhero would become known across the region as Crossfire.