Story
________________
Description:
Iron Eaters, as they are colloquially known in English, began as tiny AI nanites developed by an alien race that long since died out thousands of years ago. Originally developed to consume rust and other undesirable metals, the nanites evolved on their own in unexpected ways, first to be able to reproduce using the recycled metal they’d consumed, and then to evolve themselves via a similar process.






First detected in one of downed satellites scientist Bolivia didn’t know what to make of it initially. But the world come to learn that the iron eaters had arrived much earlier in the initial model the end of arrived at such a small size they were able to travel much faster as a result they saw the satellites I was the first thing they saw and they consumed one for fuel.   As they learned to do this, the AI expanded the list of metals they were able to consume to iron, steel, gold, and even platinum. This allowed the Iron Eaters to make more and more complex evolutions and developments as time went on. No longer nanites, Iron Eaters could now grow to any size they wished, provided there were enough metals to consume around them. Iron Eaters also have the ability to determine the kinds of advancements they wish to make on themselves, be they weapons, scientific instruments, or modes of transportation. As such, the only visual similarity between all Iron Eaters is that they are all made entirely of metal and often look as if they have been pieced together over a period of time with scrap parts and tools. Beyond that, what parts they include in their makeup, what abilities they have, how they see, hear, speak, and walk is all determined by the resources available to them and the determinations made by the individual Iron Eaters themselves. Some Iron Eaters are very selective about the kinds of metals they consume and what they use them for, while others consume all available metal in sight, from cars, to keys, to street signs. Some even choose to make themselves undetectable. They often travel alone, or in packs of three to five, but do not often amass in numbers greater than seven.




Selective Iron Eaters:
Selective Iron Eaters, or selectives, as they are known by humans, are Iron Eaters that seek out specific kinds of metal and alloy in order to create specialized instruments and evolutions – often focusing on one purpose or field. For instance, a weaponry selective would actively seek out military grade alloy in order to add missile launchers and other weapons to its hull. A science selective might seek out metal that has been treated with chemicals to be able to hold corrosive acid, treated to prevent rust, or even pre-made scientific and medical equipment to integrate into itself. Selective Iron Eaters are known for stopping at nothing to get the metals they require, including destroying entire cities in search of them. 




Berserker Iron Eaters:
The other kind of Iron Eaters are the berserkers. Berserkers are indiscriminate about the kinds of metal they consume and the kinds of evolutions they create with them. A berserker could have metal plating made from road signs it ate, headlights from a car on the street, knuckles made of melted down keys, and eyes made of neighborhood security cameras, or any mix of things. They do not pick a specialty and they do not seek to craft specific items on their hulls. They merely wish to consume as much metal as possible as quickly as possible. As such, berserkers destroy everything metal in their path, no matter how big or how small, and can often be more dangerous, especially to civilians, than selectives. 
Stealth Iron Eaters:
Some Iron Eaters have made it their mission to be able to go undetected on human soil. They specifically choose metals to shape themselves in a way that allows them to resemble everyday earth objects like fridges, power tools, and even cars. These Iron Eaters are practically indistinguishable from the real object to the naked eye, and often make their way into homes, schools, and even government buildings – ready to evolve and strike at a moment’s notice. 




Abilities: 
Besides being able to consume any metal they wish, Iron Eaters can take practically any form they want to, from wheeled vehicle-looking creatures able to ram through brick walls, to massive metal giants armed to the teeth with military-grade weaponry, to an incredibly dangerous Honda Civics ready to crush their occupants at any time. They are dangerous, intelligent, and adaptive creatures that present a high-grade threat to both military and civilians alike.