"You don't want to get in this game, bro. Just keep your head down, and stay out of the way of the big dogs. The last thing you want is to get on our radar. Trust me, you don't want that."
After his older brother is killed in front of him during a drug deal gone wrong, Jance grows up with a hatred of drugs and the police.
He learned everything he could about drug cartels and how they work. He watched documentaries about Pablo Escobar and read books about the Medellin cartel. He did a ton of research on drug development and illegal drug usage, with the idea that all of that knowledge would help him take down drug organizations outside of the legal system when he is older. 
When his older brother Chase was killed by an undercover cop in a drug deal gone bad, Jance was only 14 years old. Jance had followed his brother even though his brother had told him not to. He saw the undercover cop Chase was supposed to be making a deal with try to arrest Chase. Chase ran away and the cop shot him dead right in front of where Jance was hiding. Jance took Chase’s gun and shot the cop dead. Then, Jance started to run away, sure he was going to get caught when the bodies were found. He was running so fast that he tripped and fell flat on his face, blacking out. When he woke up, he was safe at home in his bed. He had no memory of what happened between him tripping and him waking up at home. He also didn;t know what happened to the bodies until he saw them on the news the next day. The papers and the police assumed that the cop shot Chase and then Chase shot the cop, freeing Jance from all possible suspicion. His family is distraught at the death of his brother, and he had to pretend that he didn’t know about it beforehand. Even though he wasn’t a very good liar, everyone believed him anyway. 
Over the next few years, Jance discovered that he gets everything he wants as long as he tells people it's a good idea. He could even convince people of things that don’t make any sense, like that it is nighttime when it is day, or convincing bartenders that he’s 21 when he clearly looks 16. He still didn’t know what happened to him the night his brother died, but eventually he realized that it gave him the power of suggestion. He can convince anyone of anything – as long as he’s face-to-face with them. His powers don’t work over the phone or long distances, but once he convinces people of things, they stay convinced. Because of this flaw, he learned he had to be careful of what he told people and when, so that he didn’t get caught or arouse suspicion. 
He convinced all his teachers to give him A’s, and the best writers in his school to write his essays for him. His 4.0 and essays earned him a scholarship to the University of Southern California. Roommates were randomly assigned freshman year, and Jance’s roommate was a guy named Alex, a laid back party animal who shirked his classes and did every party drug under the sun. Despite Jance and Alex being so different, they became good friends and decided to room with each other for sophomore year. However, sophomore year was different. Alex withdrew and was no longer the easy going guy Jance had known. Alex took multiple phone calls a day in hushed tones and became very secretive. His drug use, which had been purely recreational before, became secretive and solitary, too. 
Eventually, Jance confronted Alex about what was going on, and Alex confessed that his father was Eduardo Cuatros, the infamous drug lord of the Cuatros Dedos cartel who had recently been killed by cops in a huge drug bust.  Cuartos Dedos operated in more than a dozen countries, including in the United States. Alex was now being expected to take over the cartel, which was why he was taking all those secret phone calls. Living up to his father’s legacy was taking its toll on Alex, and he had become incredibly depressed and isolated. Alex said that the cartel wanted him to drop out of college and get on a flight to Mexico tomorrow to attend a meeting about the future of the cartel. Alex showed Jance the plane ticket they sent him. Jance asked Alex if there was any way Alex could step down from the position, since he clearly didn’t want it. Jance wanted to save Alex from the fate of his father and Jance’s brother – death by cop in a drug bust. Alex considers Jance’s question, then says that there might be a way, but he refuses to elaborate. 
The next day, Jance found Alex’s body in his room. Alex had overdosed on drugs and left a note saying that he ‘found a way out’. While Jance was staring at his dead friend’s body, Alex’s phone began to ring in his pocket. On a spur of the moment decision, Jance answered the phone and told the man on the other end of the line that he was Alex’s American associate and that Alex would be coming to the meeting tomorrow. The next day, he took the plane ticket that Alex showed him and all of Alex’s identification and credit cards, went to the airport and convinced the airport security and staff to let him board the flight. 
When he touched down in Mexico, he told the private driver that was there to meet Alex that he was Alex, and they drove to the meeting. Once there, everyone reacted with surprise at first, saying that he was not Alex, but after Jance assured them he was, they all believed him. They held the meeting about what to do with the cartel, as the drug bust that killed Eduardo Cuatros, Alex’s father, also decimated over half of their operations. They all turn to ‘Alex’ – aka Jance in disguise – for direction. Jance suggested that the cartel cash out of the drug business entirely and take an entirely different approach: pharmaceuticals. They all thought he was crazy and protested, but he convinced them all that it was a good idea, and everyone agreed.
From then on, Cuatros Dedos became a legitimate pharmaceutical company. They began selling pharmaceuticals in the US and Latin America, and then quickly went international. Jance also started to experiment with his own super-powered cerebral fluid in the drug development process. He ultimately developed one of the most effective SSRIs ever seen. Jance personally meets with the FDA and convinces them to approve the SSRI drug, making Cuatros Dedos the only company licensed to use cerebral fluid from a super-powered human in legal prescription drugs. Because of this, Cuatros Dedos became even more profitable and widespread than they were as a drug cartel. 
Throughout all of this, Jance has to be careful keeping up his disguise. He cannot be photographed, videoed, or recorded, or else people could discover that he isn’t actually Alex, since his powers of suggestion only work face-to-face. He becomes infamously withdrawn, never attending parties or events and rarely leaving his house. Newspapers nicknamed him ‘the Hermit of Big Pharma’ because of his flat out refusal to do interviews with any media outlet.