In the Tanzanian military, an albino soldier who can absorb sounds up to 70 decibels named Jawah Matu is framed for the death of his mentor. This leads to a brutal home invasion that leaves his family dead and him crippled. The Tanzanian military stages a coup against the government in retaliation for their unprovoked attack on Uganda. Matu needs to find who killed his family, framed him for the death of his mentor and get revenge.










What? A rebel soldier is framed for the death of his mentor and that causes a brutal home invasion that leaves his family dead and his body crippled.


Where? Set in Tanzania during a hot summer and a bloody military rebellion 


Why? Ibrahim Juma, the President of Tanzania, has accused Uganda of illegally occupying Tanzanian territory for many years and controlling the country's only major seaport, which drives up prices. For its unprovoked attack on Uganda, the Tanzanian military staged a big coup against the government.


Who? Jawah Matu is an albino soldier with the power to absorb sounds under 70 decibels.


When? Modern Day


How? He needs to find who framed him for his mentor's death and get revenge.






***


White a summary of the 


The Ordinary World: The story starts with the hero's normal life before they go on an adventure.




>Introduce Jawah Matu homeland






Jawah Matu was born in Dar es Salaam in the heart of Tanzania. He learned to run and fight to survive since Tanzanian children with albinism are hunted for their body parts. Albinos are also blamed for droughts or floods. Despite the odds, Jawah made it through to join the military. He was the eldest of five children and his parents never made him feel the love he saw his siblings receive.  Jawah's mother only showed him love when he was conscripted into the Tanzanian army.He underwent rigorous training and quickly rose up the ranks. He quickly became one of the most promising young soldiers in Tanzania military.  


He became a national hero among most people after he was abducted by the Greys and returned with the ability to absorb sound up to 70 decibels, but others were angry.


>Make parallels from Jawah Matu world to today’s modern society


Jawah Matu lives in a world where many people have been abducted by The Grays and returned with superpowers, special talents, and near-total expertise in a specific area. This occurrence of abduction and receiving real powers is extremely rare, but Jawah is one of two living superweapons within the Tanzania military. 


Zephaniah Mwangaz was a time-traveling superweapon with the ability to control minds. Jawah had the power to absorb sounds and he looked to her for mentorship.  


>Give me more details about Jawah Matu's home life and community 






>Who is Jawah Matu really? Jawah Matu is a Tanzanian war hero and superweapon who was born with albinism. He was hunted for his body parts, but he made it through to join the military. He underwent rigorous training and quickly rose up the ranks. He became a national hero among most people after he was kidnapped and returned with the ability to absorb sound up to 70 decibels, but others were angry. 


>How did he get his powers? During his routine guard duty, Jawah Matu was kidnapped by The Grays. He acquired the power to absorb sound up to 70 decibels at will as a result of this abduction.


>What is his relationship with Zephaniah Mwangaz? Zephaniah Mwangaz was a loyal soldier in the Tanzanian military before she gained the ability to walk into the future.  Because her ability did not allow her to remain in the future for extended times, it took her a while to see the sinister aims of President Juma's unprovoked attacks on Uganda. Zephaniah confided in Jawah and he looked to her for mentorship. Jawah viewed Zephaniah as gracious, knowledgeable, truthful & somewhat rebellious for her strong stance on the President's actions.


>What does he want? Before his family was taken from him, Jawah Matu wanted to retire from the military and spend the rest of his days hugging his wife and raising his children on a tobacco farm down south.  But after they were brutally taken from him he wants to get revenge on the people who took everything from him, framed him for betraying Zephaniah Mwangaz and also wants to confront his former friend and mentor, President Juma because he suspects that he is responsible.


>What is at stake if he doesn't get it? If Jawah Matu fails to get revenge or confront President Juma, the Tanzanian military one of Africa's most powerful militaries will continue their unprovoked attacks on other countries and they will utilize use new LSW based drug 'Kuruka' which was created with the cerebral fluid of the late Zephaniah.


>How does he plan to get it? Jawah Matu plans to get his revenge by finding and killing the people who took everything from him. He also plans to confront President Juma and expose his lies. 






>How does he plan to get it? He plans to find out who framed him and get revenge. 


>What does he need to do? He needs to find who framed him and get revenge. 


>Who is out to get him? The people who framed him for the death of Zephaniah Mwangaz are out to get him. 


>What is at stake? If Jawah Mat






When she did, she was truely in the was a time-traveling superweapon with the ability to control minds. Jawah had the power to absorb sounds and he looked to her for mentorship.  


>What is the conflict in this story? The conflict in this story is that Jawah Matu has been abducted by The Grays and returned with the ability to absorb sound up to 70 decibels. This makes him a valuable asset to the Tanzanian military, but it also makes him a target for those who are angry about the superpowers being bestowed on people like him.






>What is the resolution of the story? The resolution of the story is that Jawah Matu learns to improve his powers and becomes a respected member of society.










What are Jawah Matu's capabilities?






Jawah Matu has the ability to absorb sounds up to 70 decibels. This makes him a valuable asset to the Tanzanian military, but it also makes him a target for those who are angry about the superpowers being bestowed on people like him.






>What are {character} flaws? 






Jawah Matu's main flaw is that he is too trusting. This gets him into trouble when he is framed for the death of his friend and mentor, Zephaniah Mwangaz. He also has a bit of a temper, which makes it difficult for him to control his powers.










>What are their outlooks on life?






Jawah Matu's outlook before everything was taken from him was pleasant and optimistic but after everyone he loved died, his outlook on life is that he wants to get revenge on the people who took everything from him. He also plans to confront President Juma and expose his lies.






>What does Jawah Matu stand for?






Jawah Matu stands for justice and revenge. He wants to get revenge on the people who took everything from him, framed him for betraying Zephaniah Mwangaz and also wants to confront his President Juma because he suspects that he is responsible and because he wants to end the wat.






>What does Jawah Matu stand against?






Jawah Matu stands against injustice and senseless violence. He has been a victim of violence his whole life and he is finally ready to  fight back and make things right. He is also against the use of drugs like Kuruka, which are created with the cerebral fluid of innocent people.






What is at stake if he doesn't get it?


If Jawah Matu fails to get revenge or confront President Juma, the Tanzanian military one of Africa's most powerful militaries will continue their unprovoked attacks on other countries and they will utilize use new LSW based drug 'Kuruka' which was created with the cerebral fluid of the late Zephaniah. 






>What does Jawah Matu desire? 






Jawah Matu wants to find out who framed him and get revenge. He also plans to confront President Juma to try to convince him to end the war with Uganda. He also wants to make sure that the people responsible for creating Kuruka are brought to justice.










Call to Adventure: The hero is confronted with an occurrence, conflict, problem, or tension that compels them to embark on their journey.




>What was Jawah Matu  call to action? When his family and mentor are killed in the same night.






>What was Jawah Matu's pain?losing his family and mentor




>What elements of 
Jawah world were disrupted and presented a challenge?  His family and mentor were killed.










Refusal of the Call: The hero initially refuses the adventure because of hesitation, fears, insecurity, or any other number of issues.




>What fears and personal doubts held Jawah Matu back that needed to be overcome? 






>Jawah Matu's main fear was that he would never find happiness again.






>What event happens to Jawah Matu that pushes them over the edge and allows them to bet on themself and realize that not acting will cause further harm to their world? When he see's The aftermath of President's new LSW attack on the Ugandan port.














Meeting the Mentor: A mentor, often an individual who has previously completed the trek or a legendary figure, may assist the protagonist in this manner.




>Who is Jawah Matu mentor? Zephaniah Mwangaz














>What is the mentor's motivation to train Jawah Matu? They are the only Living Superweapons in the Tanzanian Military 






>What does their mentor represent? 






 >What did the mentor give Jawah Matu to help on his journey? She told him that, in his future he was a national hero whom the people loved.










Crossing the Threshold: The protagonist departs from their regular existence for the first time and enters into a new realm of danger.




>Does {character} start willingly or are they pushed by an outside force?


Jawah Matu is pushed by the death of his family














Once\








________________


This story is about a Tanzanian war hero named Jawah Matu, who has the ability to absorb sound up to 70 decibels. He was born with albinism and hunted for his body parts, but managed to survive and join the military. He becomes a national hero after being kidnapped by The Grays and returning with his powers.


However, Jawah is falsely accused of the death of his mentor and his family is brutally killed in a home invasion. The Tanzanian military stages a coup against the government in retaliation for their unprovoked attack on Uganda.


Jawah must find out who killed his family and framed him for his mentor's death, and seek revenge. He tracks down those responsible and takes them down, but the coup is still ongoing and the country is in chaos. Jawah becomes a leader among the rebels and fights to overthrow the corrupt government.


After months of fighting, the rebels are successful and a new, more just regime is established. Jawah is hailed as a hero and finally finds peace. However, he struggles to adjust to life after the war and is plagued by nightmares and flashbacks.


Despite these struggles, Jawah remains committed to building a better future for his country. He becomes a vocal advocate for marginalized groups and helps to rebuild the country. He finds new friends and allies, and starts to rebuild his life. He continues to fight for justice and equality, using his experiences and powers to make the world a better place.


The images for this story would likely depict Jawah's training and rise through the ranks of the military, the betrayal and death of his mentor and family, his battle for revenge, and his eventual leadership of the rebels. The skilled British narrator would provide insight into Jawah's motivations and thoughts, as well as the political and social landscape of the country.
________________
Jawah Matu was born in Dar es Salaam in the heart of Tanzania. He was born with albinism, a condition that made him stand out among his peers and made him a target for discrimination and violence. As a child, he faced constant bullying and exclusion because of his appearance.
Despite the challenges he faced, Jawah remained determined and resilient. He spent his days practicing running and fighting, determined to protect himself and his family. One day, while walking home from school, he was confronted by a group of older boys who wanted to kidnap him and sell his body parts. He managed to outrun them and hide in a nearby alleyway, but the experience shook him to his core. He realized that he must always be on guard and ready to defend himself.
Despite the challenges he faced, Jawah was determined to succeed. He worked hard in school and excelled in his physical training. When he was old enough, he enlisted in the military and quickly rose through the ranks. He became a respected and feared soldier, known for his strength and determination. He was finally able to take control of his own life and protect those he loved.
However, Jawah's life changed forever when he was abducted by The Grays during a routine guard duty. He was returned with the ability to absorb sound up to 70 decibels, and became one of the few living superweapons in the Tanzanian military. He was hailed as a national hero, but some were angry and resentful of his powers.
Jawah looked to his mentor, Zephaniah Mwangaz, for guidance and support. Zephaniah was a time-traveling superweapon with the ability to control minds. She helped Jawah navigate the challenges of his new powers and the complexities of military politics.
However, Zephaniah's strong stance against President Juma's unprovoked attacks on Uganda made her a target. She was killed, and Jawah was falsely accused of her murder. In retaliation, Jawah's family was brutally killed in a home invasion, leaving him crippled and alone.
Determined to find the truth and seek revenge, Jawah began investigating Zephaniah's death and the circumstances surrounding it. He quickly realized that there were others in the military who were also dissatisfied with the government's actions and were willing to help him. Using his powers, he was able to track down and confront the individuals responsible for Zephaniah's death and his family's murder.
As he fought for justice, the Tanzanian military staged a coup against the government in retaliation for their unprovoked attack on Uganda. Jawah became a leader among the rebels, using his powers and his determination to fight for a better future for his country. After months of fighting, the rebels were successful and a new, more just regime was established.
Despite his successes, Jawah struggled to adjust to life after the war. He was plagued by nightmares and flashbacks, and struggled to trust anyone. However, he remained committed to building a better future for his country. He became a vocal advocate for marginalized groups and helped to rebuild the country. He found new friends and allies, and slowly began to rebuild his life.
Through his perseverance and determination, Jawah was able to overcome the challenges of his childhood and create a new life for himself. He continues to fight for justice and equality, using his experiences and powers to make the world a better place.