Karina was born in Armenia but she moved to Berlin Germany when she was young. She grew up in poverty with her single mother who worked 3 jobs just to make ends meet. However, Karina was determined to make something of herself. She studied hard and eventually won a four year scholarship to Monk College in Berlin in Art History. Nearly a year before she was about to graduate, she was found to have plagiarized someone else's work in her final project and was expelled from the school. Facing eviction and with no money or job, Karina packed her belongings and moved back to her home country Armenia and stayed with family. 
Walking home one night coming home from the local coffee shop where she'd spent the evening crying alone, deep in debt, and struggling with depression Karina ran into a group of her former classmates from Berlin. They were laughing and joking, clearly having the time of their lives while she had fallen so far. At that moment, she made a decision. She was going to get her life back on track no matter what it took. Maybe every other time that she had tried, she'd failed because she didn't have the right mindset. Perhaps luck was only on the side of the brave and the risk takers. What she did was not who she was and it was time for her to take back control. It was then that she realized that maybe she had plagiarized because she wasn't confident in her own abilities. In her heart, she knew that she was a good enough artist to get into Monk College but she just had her confidence shaken. 
So with a new lease on life, Karina started working odd jobs and painting in her free time. After that night, Karina changed her outlook on life. She was going to get her degree, one way or another. And she did. 






The next morning when Karina heard the commotion outside. She peeked out her window to see a group of Russian soldiers marching through the streets, knocking on doors and dragging people out of their homes. She quickly ran to wake her family members and they all hid in the basement, trying to be as quiet as possible. Karina's heart raced as she heard the soldiers coming closer and closer. Suddenly, the door to their hiding spot was busted open and the soldiers were there, demanding to know where the dissidents were. Karina's family members tried to convince them that they didn't know anything but the soldiers didn't believe them. They started ransacking the house, looking for anything that could incriminate them. That's when they discovered her family member's secret cache of supplies that was intended to be used for the resistance.
The soldiers dragged him away, kicking and screaming while Karina and the rest of her family watched in horror. As the soldiers were leaving, one of the soldier told them to forget he ever existed if they wanted to stay alive. And that's exactly what they did. They never spoke of him again, not even to each other. A few days later she saw a video on the Internet of Russian soldiers executing a man and she knew that it was her family member. 
After that, Karina became more determined than ever to get her life together. Russia had taken away her family, her home, and her country. But they couldn't take away her hope. She was going to make something of herself if it was the last thing she did. 






One night when she was returning from the coffee shop she heard a muffled hissing sound and suddenly felt something grab her from behind. She was pulled into a chaotic vortex and everything went black.