Act 1
The President of Greece, King Stefanos, was a pacifist who, despite presidential propaganda to the contrary, valued peace above all else. But then the unthinkable happened: his wife was murdered by a member of his staff. The king was so distraught by this loss that he shut himself away from the world for days on end. When he emerged again, it was with a fiery speech and a call to invade Turkey. He explained to the country that he had proof the government of Turkey had provided logistical support to the assassin responsible for taking the life of their queen. It wasn't until thousands of Turkish lives were extinguished under King Stefanos' brutality did he discover that the real assassin was not a Turkish spy posing as a member of his staff but rather a Jackel hired by the United States government to extract the priceless cerebral fluid of his precious Queen Marietta. When the realization set in that even in death, his love was still in danger, he ordered around-the-clock protection of her gravesite. But it was too late. The Jackel had already dug up her body, taken samples of her blood, and disappeared into the night. It was then that he showed his truly unrestrained ability as a Superhero King with the power to decimate an entire city. And so he does, without remorse, to a city in Turkey where his wife's assassin was said to reside. The United States Government, in an attempt to cover up their involvement in the assassination, quickly condemned Stefanos as a war criminal and used their influence on the United Nations Security Council to put a global manhunt for him. Stefanos, knowing he would be captured and executed if he stayed in Greece, decided to go into hiding. King Stefanos gathered a small band of Greek scientists who were devoted to him and dispatched them to South America to obtain a strange substance that they used to dratically alter his appearance. Now a fugitive, Stefanos must elude capture while he tries to find the person responsible for his wife's death. But as he gets closer to the truth, he realizes that the United States Government will stop at nothing to keep their secrets hidden. King Stefanos is a man on a mission, and he will not rest until he has a vengeance.


Act 2
After years on the run, King Stefanos is captured by the American government and questioned. They propose to him a bargain: if he works for them, they will allow him to live. If he refuses, they will sentence him to death. Stefanos agrees to work for the United States Government, but only so he can find the person responsible for his wife's death and kill them. He is a man on a mission, and he will not rest until he has his vengeance.


Write 5 things the United States government might want from him


1. Information on the location of the Jackel
2. Details on how to create the substance that modifies his appearance
3. The identities of the scientists who helped him flee Greece
4. Documentation of his war crimes in Greece
5. How to contact the assassin who killed his wife






United Nations Security Council Resolution 2366 of June 15, 2016 condemned the terrorist attacks claimed by King Stefanos in Greece and called for his immediate arrest and extradition to the United States. The United States Government has offered a reward of $25 million for information leading to the capture of King Stefanos. He is considered armed and dangerous, and the United States Government is urging anyone with information about his whereabouts to contact them immediately. King Stefanos is a fugitive, and the global manhunt for him is underway.






1. King Stefanos finds the person responsible for his wife's death and kills them, but he also dies in the process, leaving his quest unfinished.
2. King Stefanos is captured by the United States Government and executed, but he was able to send his scientists to South America before he was captured. They find the substance and use it to create a clone of him. The clone then takes his place and finishes the quest for revenge.
3. King Stefanos is captured by the United States Government and interrogated. They offer him a deal: if he agrees to work for them, they will let him live. He agrees and becomes a double agent, working to bring down








Provide 3 possible twist endings in detail for the above in the voice of Game of Thrones
1. King Stefanos finds the man responsible for his wife's death and kills him with his bare hands. As he stands over the body, he is surrounded by United Nations Security Council agents who take him into custody.
2. King Stefanos is able to modify his appearance using the substance he found and escapes to a foreign country. He lives out the rest of his days in hiding, never to be seen or heard from again.
3. After an intense global manhunt, King Stefanos is finally captured and brought to trial. He is sentenced to life in prison, where he spends the rest of his days plotting his revenge against the United States Government.


EP2
King Stefanos had been on the run for # years. With the global manhunt still in full swing, he continued to evade capture by the United States government, but he knew they were still after him. He also knew that he could not go back to Greece. His new home was now a prison, and his people were under the thumb of the United Nations Security Council and their puppet regime. King Stefanos was not content to sit idly by and watch as the United States government destroyed his country. He had to do something, but he knew he could not do it alone. He needed help, and he needed it from the one person he could trust: his wife's killer.