Alexandr, Stefanos

Alias: King Stefanos -Minister of the Interior
Age  41
Appearance

Alexander Stefanos is a fit, athletic, handsome Greek politician in his early 40s. He has olive skin, dark hair, a full black beard and brown eyes. He is always well-dressed and rarely seen without a robe or a suit. He has an aura of confidence about him. He is a tall, muscular man with broad shoulders and a powerful build. His beard is thick and full, and his eyes are piercing and intense. He is a commanding presence, and it is clear that he is used to getting his own way. 


Backstory:
Alexander Stefanos was born into a wealthy family in Athens, Greece. His father was a successful businessman, and his mother was a socialite. Stefanos was raised in a privileged environment and had everything he could ever want. He was educated at the best schools and always had the latest fashion and gadgets.


As a young man, Stefanos followed in his father's footsteps and became a successful businessman. But Stefanos was not content with simply making money. He wanted to make a difference in the world. So, he entered politics.


Stefanos quickly rose through the ranks of the Greek political system. He was a gifted speaker and a natural leader. People were drawn to him. In the early days of his political career, Stefanos was known as a peacemaker. He was always looking for ways to resolve conflicts without resorting to violence.


This reputation earned him the nickname "King Stefanos" after a popular Greek television character who was also a pacifist. The name stuck, and Stefanos began to be known as "King Stefanos" both inside and outside of Greece.


In the recent legislative election, Stefanos ran for and won the position of Minister of the Interior. He is the youngest person ever to hold this position. As Minister of the Interior, Stefanos is responsible for the security and safety of the Greek people. He takes this responsibility very seriously.


Since taking office, Stefanos has been working tirelessly to make Greece a safe and prosperous country. He has been seen publicly with Greek reality show star, Vasia Panagiotidou. It is rumored that the two are dating.


History:
As a young man, Stefanos was handsome and charismatic. He was popular with the girls and always had a date for the weekend. He was also a talented athlete, and he excelled in track and field. After graduating from college, Stefanos took over his father's business. He quickly made a name for himself as a ruthless and successful businessman. He was always looking for new opportunities, and he soon became one of the most powerful men in Greece. In his early thirties, Stefanos met and fell in love with a beautiful woman named Sophia. They were married a year later, and they had a son soon after. Stefanos's life changed dramatically when his wife and son were killed in a car accident. He was devastated by their loss and became a recluse. He withdrew from society and spent most of his time alone. A few years later, Stefanos emerged from his grief and decided to enter politics. He ran for office, and to everyone's surprise, he was elected. He quickly rose through the ranks, and soon he was one of the most powerful men in Greece. Today, Stefanos is a fit, athletic, handsome Greek politician in his early 40s. He has olive skin, dark hair, a full black beard and brown eyes. He is always well-dressed and rarely seen without a robe or a suit. He has an aura of confidence about him. He is a tall, muscular man with broad shoulders and a powerful build. His beard is thick and full, and his eyes are piercing and intense. He is a commanding presence, and it is clear that he is used to getting his own way.


Motivations:
1. To make Greece a safe and prosperous country
2. To resolve conflicts without resorting to violence


Archetype:
1. The Pacifist
2. The Leader
3. The Visionary


Specific Characteristics:
1. Fit and athletic
2. Handsome
3. Well-educated
4. Privileged background
5. Natural leader
6. Charismatic
7. Compassionate
8. Idealistic


Quirks:
1. Always well-dressed
2. Rarely seen without a robe or suit
3. Has an aura of confidence


Flaws:
1. May be too idealistic
2. Can be too trusting
3. He is a perfectionist and is always striving to be the best


Faults:
1. He is a workaholic and often neglects his personal life
2. He has a deep fear of failure


Minor Characters:


1. Vasia Panagiotidou - Greek reality show star, rumored to be dating Stefanos. Vasia is a fun-loving and outgoing person. She loves to party and is always the life of the party. She is also very ambitious and has her sights set on becoming a famous actress. While Stefanos is drawn to her energy and ambition, he sometimes finds her wild ways to be a bit too much.


2. Stefanos' Father - A successful businessman. Stefanos' father is a very practical and down-to-earth person. He is a no-nonsense kind of guy who is all about making money. He does not understand Stefanos' desire to enter politics and make a difference in the world. He thinks Stefanos should just stick to business.


3. Stefanos' Mother - A socialite. Stefanos' mother is a very elegant and well-spoken woman. She is very involved in the social scene and knows all the right people. She is very supportive of Stefanos' political career and is always attending his events and fundraisers.


4. The Opposition Party - The political party that is in opposition to Stefanos and his party. The members of the opposition party are always trying to find ways to discredit Stefanos and make him look bad. They are also always trying to find ways to sabotage his plans.


5. The Media - The media is always following Stefanos and reporting on his every move. They are always looking for a juicy story to write about. Sometimes they make things up or exaggerated the truth in order to sell more newspapers.


6. The Greek People - The Greek people are Stefanos' main constituency. They are the ones he is trying to help and make a difference for. They are also the ones who will ultimately decide whether or not he is successful in his political career.


7. Other Politicians - Stefanos must work with other politicians in order to get things done. Some of them are helpful and supportive, while others are constantly trying to undermine him. Stefanos has to be careful not to step on any toes or make any enemies.


8. Foreign Governments - Stefanos must deal with other foreign governments in his role as Minister of the Interior. Some of them are friendly and cooperative, while others are constantly trying to take advantage of Greece. Stefanos has to be careful not to make any enemies or start any international incidents.


9. Special Interest Groups - There are many special interest groups that have a vested interest in Stefanos' work as Minister of the Interior. Some of them are helpful and supportive, while others are constantly trying to lobby him for their own agenda. Stefanos has to be careful not to make any promises he can't keep or get too involved with any one group.








Act 1
The President of Greece, Alexander Stefanos, more popularly known as King Stefanos due to his popularity amongst the Greek people, was a pacifist who valued peace above all else. During his campaign for president, his opponents had tried to lure him into breaking his pacifist stance, but Stefanos maintained his pacifist stances and won the election anyway. 
However, during King Stefanos’s third year of presidency, the unthinkable happened: his wife was murdered at home in their presidential mansion. Only those on his staff could have had access to his wife’s chambers, so Stefanos knew that someone close to him had done it. He was so distraught by this loss that he shut himself away from the world for eight days before finally agreeing to speak to the press. No one knew what he had been doing in his rooms for those eight days, but when he emerged again, it was with a fiery speech and a call to invade Turkey. 
While locked away in his room, Stefanos had been in constant contact with the Greecian secret service, going over hundreds of hours of security footage and thousands of email communications. He explained to the country that while they had not found who had committed the crime, he had uncovered proof that the government of Turkey had provided logistical support to the assassin responsible for taking his wife’s life. The murder of a presidential spouse was no small thing. It was not just a personal attack on King Stefanos, but also a targeted attack on the country itself. Everyone in Greece backed his calls to war with the Turks. 
The Turks tried to negotiate, but Stefanos was ruthless, his pacifism thrown to the wayside after the death of his wife. He bombed Turkish cities for weeks until a Turkish ambassador, sent through the firing lines to be purposefully captured by the Greeks in order to deliver his message, provided Stefanos with an entire thumbdrive of evidence against the Turkish government giving any kind of support to his wife’s assassin. Instead, the ambassador told Stefanos that the Turkish intelligence files had been hacked by an American Jackal, a kind of lethal superweapon bounty hunter, in order to obtain the information needed to gain access to the Presidential Mansion and assassinate Stefanos’s wife. The ambassador also revealed that the Jackal had downloaded scientific information about Stefanos’s wife’s LSW status, most likely to be able to extract her cerebral fluid for whoever his employer was.   
 Upon hearing this, King Stefanos crumpled under the weight of what he had done. The blood of thousands of innocent Turkish citizens was on his hands, and he could hardly deal with it. He entered an extreme depressive state, unable to eat more than a few bites of food or sleep more than a few hours. All that he had once prized and cared for – his wife and the peace and unity of his country – were gone. However, in this state, he forgot that his wife’s body was still in peril from graverobbers who would also attempt to take her cerebral fluid for their own purposes.
It was too late. Other Jackals had already dug up her body, taken samples of her blood, and disappeared into the night. When he heard this, King Stefanos felt the rage bubbling up within him one last time, and he finally showed his truly unrestrained ability as a Superhero King. He sought out the Jackal that had killed his wife, but was still unable to find them. However, he found the ones that had desecrated her grave and slaughtered their families and loved ones, taking away from them what they had taken from him – before he killed them, too. Before he killed the Jackals that had robbed his wife’s grave, however, he interrogated them as to who had hired him to kill Stefanos’s wife. Pleading for his life, one Jackal revealed that it was some higher up in the United States of America. King Stefanos killed him anyway. Then, he turned his eyes towards the capital of the United States, intent on razing it to the ground. 
The US Government, in an attempt to cover up their involvement in the assassination, quickly condemned Stefanos as a war criminal and used their influence on the United Nations Security Council to put a global manhunt for him. Stefanos, knowing he would be captured and executed if he stayed in Greece, went into hiding. There, he gathered a small band of Greek scientists who were devoted to him and dispatched them to South America to obtain a small vial of cerebral fluid from a shapeshifter he had heard of. The scientists synthesized the fluid to be able to drastically alter his appearance for days at a time. Now a fugitive, Stefanos must elude capture while he tries to find the person who ordered his wife's death. But as he gets closer to the truth, he realizes that the United States Government will stop at nothing to keep their secrets hidden. King Stefanos is a man on a mission, and he will not rest until he has revenge.




Act 2
After years on the run, King Stefanos finally becomes tired of running away from the US government and living in hiding. He wants to be himself again and heal from what happened to him, but he feels that the rage inside himself will not go away until he kills whoever killed his wife. He uses his powers to project a clone of himself onto the steps of the Kremlin, demanding an audience with the president of Russia. He is recognized immediately and his clone is taken to the President, where he says that he wants to make a deal with Russia – he will work for their interests as an LSW agent if they help him find who in the US ordered his wife killed and who actually carried out those orders. The Kremlin agrees, and Stefanos gives them the coordinates of his current hideout. Russia sends an undetectable supersonic military jet to retrieve him and bring him to Moscow. 
Stefanos hands over the vial of cerebral fluid he has been using to alter his appearance. The Russian LSW organization gives it to their head of science, Ekaterina Nikitin, for further study. Though they are unsure about its potential at first, Nikitin and her team eventually develop the cerebral fluid into an appearance altering drug that works for months at a time. Under the Russian government’s guidance and using the perfected version of the shape changing solution, Stefanos assumes the alias of Steven Sullivan and joins F.I.S.T. as a Russian double agent. Eventually, Stefanos works his way up into the good graces of Vaughn Galloway and his two most trusted operatives, Cloudia Asaad and Todd Benchley, all while reporting everything he sees and learns to the Kremlin. He remains successfully undercover as an agent of F.I.S.T. for three years. One day, Galloway sends Stefanos and Cloudia Asaad on a top secret mission only known to the most trusted F.I.S.T. operatives. They are to acquire the cerebral fluid of a prominent Japanese LSW politician. The mission has shocking similarities to the details of his wife’s murder, and Stefanos realizes that the man who ordered the death of his wife has been right under his nose this whole time – Vaughn Galloway. 
Stefanos reports all of this to Russia, who orders him to just complete the mission with Asaad and continue his undercover data collection on F.I.S.T., but Stefanos cannot live with this. While on the mission with Asaad, Stefanos goes rogue, murdering Asaad before she can extract the cerebral fluid from the Japanese politician and cutting all contact with the Kremlin. He then uses his F.I.S.T. security clearance to go into the old logs of previous missions to extract cerebral fluid, where he finds one mission log that has been permanently sealed. Stefanos hacks into the sealed log and finds the mission report for his wife’s death – and the woman who did it, Andrea Rivera. Andrea is reported as missing in action in the file. Stefanos knows he can’t touch Galloway (too much security and geopolitical ramifications), but he vows to find and kill Andrea, whatever it takes. 
Act 3
After a year of tracking Andrea’s every move after she committed the murder of his wife, Stefanos tracks her down to her Atlanta apartment, where she is living with her mother and child. He screams at her that she killed his wife, enraged and unable to listen to reason, and very intent on killing her. Little does he know that at almost the exact same moment he clones himself in preparation to blow up her entire apartment complex, a massive shadow will cover the sky, casting the Earth’s surface into darkness. The aliens have arrived.  (The idea is that he and Andrea will have to team up to fight the much larger, much more prescient threat of the aliens)