Lawal hunched over the gutters outside the gated bungalow and started to throw up. Against his wishes, he had orders to shoot. He stepped inside and looked at his target through a window as he watched the TV with his family. He seemed like a decent man, but sadly he had to die as the commander had ordered. No one had heard him come in. He paused for a minute and admired the flowers on the fence. He plucked one of the flowers and tucked it behind his ear. Although the sun had set, he could still mark out the purple hue of the bougainvillea flowers scattered on the fence. He smiled at how beautiful it was.
 
He wore his mask and stepped into the compound. Beside the minivan parked outside the compound was empty. Nobody heard him break the door down. That was the special thing about Lawal. You could only hear him when he wanted you to.
 
He walked noiselessly towards them and stood in the center of the room. They looked like they had seen a ghost. The little baby started to cry. He pointed his rifle to the target, and he fell to his knees. Lawal didn’t know why he had to kill this man, but as a soldier, he couldn’t ask questions. He looked at the faces of the woman and 3 children in front of him, and his face fell. The guilt was visible on his face. Their lives were about change forever, and it was because of him. 
 
He dragged the man outside. The man tried to fight back, but his potbelly and rounded arms betrayed him. 
 
Outside, he shot the man. He put a bullet through his head, and the man fell on his back, his mouth in the shape of an O. Nobody heard the gunshot. It was as noiseless as a shadow. Lawal walked away and disappeared into the night.
 
He didn’t shoot the man in front of his family because he wanted to save them from eternal nightmares that came from watching your father die.
 
Back home in his dingy room, Lawal couldn’t sleep. Voices of the little children begging for their father’s life plagued him. Such was his life, he could take away sound at will, but the one sound he couldn’t seem to conquer were the ones in his head.  

Lawal’s dreams woke him up. He has been having the same dream since the day he lost all his hair. In his dreams, he was a killing machine following the commander’s orders. Thinking about killing made him feel sick, and he ran to the bathroom.

There was a man in his room when he came back. The man stared at him intently, and then with a smile, he said. 
“I know what you are, Lawal.” 

Lawal took a step back and studied the man. After what felt like hours, he said.
“Don’t tell the commander.” 


Lawal is the abino that we actually name jawa matu later