Special Personnel for Extraterrestrial Assault & Research
 
SPEAR's mission is to be prepared to identify, contain, or eradicate any extraterrestrial threat at all times. This includes protecting the planet from any living superweapons, as well as any other extraterrestrial dangers that may emerge. They are also responsible for investigating any strange & unexplained phenomena that they may come across.
 
 
Who are the members of S.P.E.A.R.?
 
The members of SPEAR are a diverse group of people from all around the world, with each member bringing their own unique skills & abilities to the team. The team is made up of soldiers, scientists, engineers, and living superweapons, all of whom are highly trained & qualified to deal with the threats that they may encounter.
 
 
How does S.P.E.A.R. receive their missions
 
SPEAR typically receives their missions through either a direct order from Vaughn Galloway or from one of the other Directors on the team. They will also occasionally take on missions that are brought to them by other organizations or individuals. The team is typically dispatched to investigate strange & unexplained phenomena, as well as to deal with any living superweapons or extraterrestrial threats that they may encounter.
 
 
What is the relationship between S.P.E.A.R. & the various governments of the world. 
 
Though they are based in Geneva, Switzerland, SPEAR is an international organization that is not affiliated with any one government. They are funded by a number of different governments & private individuals, but they are not answerable to any one government. This allows them to operate independently & without interference from any one government.
 
 
What is the structure of SPEAR
 
SPEAR is an international organization that is based in Geneva, Switzerland. It is made up of a team of highly qualified and experienced individuals from all around the world. The team is divided into a number of different divisions, each of which is responsible for a specific area of operations. The team is also divided into a number of different units, each of which has a specific purpose & function within the organization.
 
 
What are the specialty divisions in SPEAR
 
Science & Technology
Engineering & Design
Military Operations
Tactical & Covert Operations
Health & Medical Division
 
The heads of each SPEAR specialty division are as follows:
 
The Science Division is led by Dr. Evelyn Saunders, who is a world-renowned scientist & expert on supernatural & extraterrestrial phenomena. She is a very intelligent & experienced individual who is always looking for new & innovative ways to deal with the threats that SPEAR encounters.
The Engineering Division is led by Dr. Benjamin Franklin, who is a world-renowned engineer & expert on technological & mechanical objects. He is a very creative & resourceful individual who is always looking for new & innovative ways to deal with the threats that SPEAR encounters.
The Military Division is led by longtime mercenary Todd 'Ravage' Benchley, who is a highly experienced & skilled combatant who is especially good at training & leading other soldiers. He is a very tough & determined individual who always strives to be the best at everything he does.
The Tactical Operations Unit is led by ex-Mossad operative Cloudia Asaad, who is a highly skilled & experienced operative who is very good at planning & executing complex missions. She is a very disciplined & level-headed individual and a close friend of Vaugh Galloway & Todd 'Ravage' Benchley.
The Medical Division is led by Dr. Jennifer Walters, who is a world-renowned physician & expert on medical care. She is a very compassionate & caring individual who is always looking out for the wellbeing of others.
 

Who is SPEAR's competitor
 
SPEAR's main competition is the Deck 52 Holdings, which is another international organization that is dedicated to dealing with supernatural & extraterrestrial threats founded by Vaugn Galloways former college roommate and business partner, Charles Preston Saphire. Deck 52, uses their patented drone technology to allow shoulders to control human like cyborgs. is much larger & better funded than SPEAR, but they are not as efficient or as effective.SPEAR is also often in competition with the government agencies that are responsible for dealing with supernatural & extraterrestrial threats, as well as with private individuals & organizations that are also dedicated to dealing with these threats.
________________
Script
The sound of fists hitting flesh and grunts of exertion filled the air as Todd Benchley watched the group of soldiers training in hand-to-hand combat. He stood in the middle of the group, his scars a testament to a life lived hard, instructing and offering guidance. Todd wore his usual black cowboy hat and held a black M16 with a suppressor at his side.


"Alright, let's go again," Todd called out. "This time, focus on your footwork and your positioning. James, remember to keep your weight evenly distributed on both feet. It will give you more stability and power in your strikes. Sarah, try to anticipate your opponent's moves and adjust your position accordingly. Don't get caught off guard."


The soldiers stopped their sparring as they turned to see Vaughn Galloway enter the room. His reputation as a wealthy and bold businessperson preceded him, along with his controversial past. To the soldiers, Vaughn was the man who paid a ransom of 1.5 million dollars to secure Todd's release from terrorist captivity. To others, it was seen as a self-serving political move during a presidential election year, meant to sway public opinion and secure the presidency for Anthony Parker. It was a gamble that paid off, elevating the small town college president to the highest office in the land.


Vaughn approached Todd with a sly smile, and the soldiers watched as Todd halted training for 10 minutes and greeted his old friend.


"Vaughn, what brings you here?" Todd asked, his face betraying a hint of intrigue.


"Oh, I'm just here seeing how the training is going," Vaughn replied with a smile. "And to talk to you about a new project I'm working on."


"And I thought you were on TV trying to sell a book or something, but no, you were actually serious," Todd said, his skepticism clearly evident. "Why the media tour?"


"You've been keeping up with my media appearances," Vaughn said with a sly smile. "Yes, I've been trying to raise the profile of this project and drum up funding. I can't afford to do it all out of my own pocket, even with my wealth. And let's be real, who wouldn't be intrigued by the possibility of extraterrestrial threats?"


“So its not real?”