The story opens with our protagonist, Stampede, a man who has a gravitational field manipulation ability, as he infiltrates a police station. He systematically eliminates every officer in the building, using his unique ability to take them down. He then proceeds to do the same to other police stations, leaving a trail of destruction in his wake. After mounting an ineffective response, the authorities are unable to stop him, and as the body count rises. They are forced to turn to recently retired police detective and grizzled old-timer, Franz Escobar.


Franz is reluctant to return to the force, but he agrees to take on the case. He quickly realizes that he is up against a very powerful and dangerous opponent. As he delves deeper into the investigation, Franz discovers that there is more to Stampede, aka John Rivers that meets the eye. He learns that John is on a mission to destroy the corrupt police force that killed his sister. Harry begins to sympathize with John, and he starts to wonder if maybe he is on the wrong side.


When the newspapers get ahold of the story, they start calling him "The Stampede", and the city is plunged into chaos with many siding with Stampede's cause of anti-police corruption. In a voiceover from the Stampede, describing his disdain for the Los Angeles Police Department and his determination to take them down. He explains that he knows their techniques and tactics, and that he has no fear of death. He then goes on to describe his abilities, including gravitational field manipulation, which he will use to take down the LAPD.  And when he is finished with the LAPD he is coming for the NYPD to convict the guilty.


The detective, a grizzled old-timer Franz, isn't afraid of a fight but soon finds himself up against one of the most powerful living superweapons in the country. John is smarter, faster, and more ruthless than anyone the detective has ever dealt with. The police are completely unprepared for the level of violence and destruction that the protagonist is capable of, and soon the city is plunged into chaos. But the detective is not about to give up, and he will stop at nothing to put an end to the killing spree.


As the story progresses, it becomes clear that the protagonist is not just out for revenge, but is also trying to expose the corruption within the LAPD. He wants to make them pay for their crimes, and will stop at nothing to achieve his goal. The detective Franz


The story ends with the protagonist's ultimate victory over the LAPD. He has exposed their corruption to the world, and brought them to their knees. The final shot shows him walking away from the burning remains of the police station with John's chilling voiceover warning that this is only the beginning of his campaign of terror against police murdering innocent citizens.