1 Once upon a time [Beginning]
There was a 49-year-old visually impaired man in China who worked in a massage parlor alongside other blind people in downtown Bejing, China.
2 And every day...[Beginning]
After his massaging service closed for the day, he would wait outside in front of the parlor, and his son, Lee would pick in his car and drive Liu home for the evening.
3 But one day...[The Event]
His son, Lee did not show up before nightfall which caused Liu to grow agitated that he was forced to wait in the pouring rain. Liu eventually grew impatient and decided to try to walk home in the rain. He didn't think he could make it home because he was legally blind, but if he were cautious, he felt that he might manage. He was only a few blocks away from the parlor when he began to hear shouting. He couldn't see what was happening, but he could tell that there were several people involved in some kind of altercation across the street up ahead. He thought about turning around
He realized that the voices were coming from a group
4 Because of that...[Middle]
Days later he wakes up not far from his hometown. He is surrounded be several people taking pictures of him, some pointing and laughing others pointing camera phones at him taking pictures. (these pictures will later be scrubbed from the internet) When someone asks if he needs help he says <Yes>. And the basketball sized Muo spheres turn on and rise from the mud and attach to a pair of citizens who have gathered around him taking cellphone pics. Both citizens get powers. One swoops into the air and as he looks up, he is filled with joy since this is the first time he has ever seen the moon in all his life. He stands up and But that joy is gone quickly when It reminds him of how much he loves China proud as he soars in the arms of the Muo’d citizen.
5 And because of that...[Middle]
The neighbors see him arriving home and call the authorities. He gets out of the shower and we see a mini Muo in his neck and his room is filled with 3 free Muo she2 zombie field Muos. The CCP Is t his his family's house asking questions. He opens his eyes after being startled and he can now see just fine. The questions continue, they are asking about strange spheres. He looks around his room we see five muo spheres in his room. He remembers what happened to his sister and how he hide when the CCP came for her.
6 And because of that...[Middle]
He comes out of the room with all of the Muo Spheres behind him. The soldiers are in shock.
7 Until finally...[The Climax]
Chinese scientists study him until they understand how the Muo Sphere functions and how they 'feed'. The CCP designates Liu Xaio as protector of China
8 So now..[End]
***
Liu Xiao was targeted, observed, and abducted by interdimensional travelers who are giving a small number of people on earth powers, abilities, and knowledge. They implanted the Mother Muo to his cerebral cortex and it now transmits his thoughts and feelings to the Muo spheres. The Mother Muo provides Liu Xiao with enhanced healing this is why he is often smoking cigarettes
fill interesting details from above in the voice of Neil Degrasse Tyson
Muo Sphere description:
Liu Xaio’s Muo spheres are alien life forms that are psionically bonded with Liu Xaio and they follow Liu's will. He can call them forth without speaking or raising an arm. Muo spheres use their tentacles to attach or detach them to/from other people and to pick up things and touch people. They have not learned to speak. They make light humming sounds when they float in the air. When they attach to other people, they provide that person with a temporary random superpower. When they disconnect from the person, that temporary power is removed and its effects turned off. He can also see in the dark and has a heightened sense of hearing.
Muo spheres have various temperaments and do not require food or water. They conserve power and rest when their host is sleeping. Any nanites in the vicinity of a Muo sphere would cause them to become agitated and panicked, as though they were deathly afraid of the nanites. If they are near nanites for extended periods they will die and then emit a black power that will cause an extremely contagious nanovirus that eats the human brain and people into infected demeanor is notably hostile, hateful, and enraged people

The above is how the nanovirus is created


Name 5 things missing in order develop the Muo spheres as characters

Create More backstory on Liu Xiao and his family

Liu Xiao is a Chinese citizen who was born with the ability to control Muo spheres. When he was 17, his sister was taken by the CCP for possessing Muo spheres. Liu Xiao was able to hide and avoid capture. The CCP found out about Liu Xiao's ability and took him into custody for study. After scientists were able
3. What kind of powers the Muo spheres give people
4. How the government responds to Liu Xiao and the Muo spheres
5. The daily life of Liu Xiao and how he handles having the Muo



Liu Xaio is a young man in his twenties who was born with a genetic condition that caused him to be born blind. He is shy and doesn't like to be around people. He is an only child and his parents died when

What happens when nanites are near Muos

When Liu was taken in for study by the Chinese scientists, they soon found that the Muo spheres were not only sentient, but that they were also affected by nanites.




describe the process of being abducted by aliens in the rain




Then, someone asked if he needed help and he said yes. Suddenly, the basketball-sized Muo spheres turned on and rose from the mud. They attached to a pair of citizens who had gathered around him taking pictures. Both citizens got powers. One swooped into the air and as he looked up, he was filled with joy since this is the first time he has ever seen the moon in all his life. He stands up and But that joy is gone quickly when It reminds him of how much he loves China proud as he soars in the arms of the Muo’d citizen.

5 And because of that...The neighbors see him arriving home and call the authorities. He gets out of the shower and we see a mini Muo in his neck and his room is filled with 3 free Muo she2 zombie field Muos. The CCP Is t his his family's house asking questions. He opens his eyes after being startled and he can now see just fine. The questions continue, they are asking about strange spheres. He looks around his room we see five muo spheres in his room. He remembers what happened to his sister and how he hide when the CCP came for her.
6 And because of that...He comes out of the room with all of the Muo Spheres behind him. The soldiers are in shock.
7 Until finally...The Chinese scientists study him until they understand how the Muo Sphere function and how they 'feed'. The CCP designates Liu Xaio as protector of China
8 So now..The Muo Spheres follow Liu's. He can call them forth, raise them from the ground, and attach or detach them to/from other people. They have not learned to speak. They light humming sound when they float in the air. When they attach to other people, they provide that person with a temporary random superpower. When they disconnect from the person, that temporary power is removed and turned off. as long as the long metallic tentacle of the Muo sphere, stays conncted to the person. He can also see in the dark and has a heightened sense of hearing.
The Muo Spheres are floating balls that are most comfortable within 20 feet of Liu Xiao. When they are more than a few miles away for long, they miss him and want to return. They have six nine-foot tentacles that while aimlessly hovering, will brush up against anything alive or dangerous and, intelligently study it.
Muo Spheres have various temperaments and personalities and are only aggressive when they are near nanites of any kind. Muo Spheres do not require food or water. They do rest when their attached host is sleeping.


Liu Xiao was a blind man who worked in a massage parlor in Beijing alongside other blind people. He and his coworkers closed up shop each day and waited outside for their sons to pick them up and drive them home. However, one day, Liu's son didn't show up and he had to wait in the rain long into the night. Eventually, he grew impatient and decided to walk home.

As he walked, he was careful to avoid the street. But



***



Tell me everything you know about Liu Xaio's family- Liu Xaio is the protagonist of the story.
- His father is blind and worked in a massage parlor in Beijing, China.
- His son, Lee did not show up to pick him up one day and he was forced to wait in the rain, which caused him to vanish.
- He woke up days later not far from his hometown, with people taking pictures of him.
- The authorities were called and he was questioned about the strange spheres in his room.
- His sister had been taken by the CCP (Chinese Communist Party) and he hid when they came for her.
- He comes out of the room with all of the Muo Spheres behind him and the soldiers are in shock.
- Chinese scientists study him until they understand how the Muo Spheres function.
- The CCP designates Liu Xaio as protector of China.
- The Muo Spheres are Liu's superpower. He can call them forth, raise them from the ground, and attach or detach them to/from other people.
- They have not learned to speak. They light humming sound when they float in the air.
- When they attach to other people, they provide that person with a temporary random superpower.
- When they disconnect from the person, that temporary power is removed and turned off as long as the long metallic tentacle is not touching the person.
- Liu Xaio is the only person who can control them. They were created by an alien race called the Muo.
- The Muo are a peaceful race who want to help other races evolve.
- They gave theM u Spheres to Liu Xaio because they saw potential in him.

Write Splunk SPL

Describe a plot conflict for Game of Thrones but with Superheroes, and countries instead of houses

Liu Xaio's sister is captured by the CCP and he has to save her. He goes to the scientists for help and they give him the Muo Spheres. He uses them to fight the CCP and save his sister.

As the superhero Liu Xaio asserts his control over the Muo Spheres, the Chinese government becomes increasingly wary of him. His sister, now safe with her family in the United States, urges him to come to America and join her and her husband. Liu Xaio refuses, determined to protect his country from any and all threats.


